{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi37\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Arial Rounded MT Bold};}{\f208\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f209\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f211\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f212\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f213\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f214\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f215\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f216\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f568\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f569\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f571\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f572\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f575\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f576\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red31\green73\blue125;\red79\green129\blue189;\red23\green54\blue93;\red217\green217\blue217;\red127\green127\blue127;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid16389932 Normal,Internal Body Text;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb480\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f36\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 \sautoupd \slink15 \styrsid16389932 heading 1,Main Heading;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon18 \snext2 \sautoupd \slink16 \styrsid16389932 heading 2,Sub Heading;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb200\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \sautoupd \slink17 \styrsid16389932 heading 3,Sub-Sub Heading;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \b\fs28\cf17\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af0 
\sbasedon10 \slink1 \slocked \styrsid16389932 Heading 1 Char,Main Heading Char;}{\*\cs16 \additive \b\fs26\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af0 \sbasedon10 \slink2 \slocked \styrsid16389932 Heading 2 Char,Sub Heading Char;}{\*\cs17 \additive 
\b\fs20\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af0 \sbasedon10 \slink3 \slocked \styrsid16389932 Heading 3 Char,Sub-Sub Heading Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext18 \styrsid16389932 No Spacing;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb480\sa200\sl276\slmult1\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f36\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon1 \snext0 \ssemihidden \styrsid16389932 TOC Heading;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb480\sa300\sl276\slmult1\keep\keepn\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brsp80\brdrcf18 
\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f36\fs28\expnd1\expndtw5\cf19\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon19 \snext0 \sautoupd \slink21 \styrsid16389932 Title;}{\*\cs21 \additive 
\b\fs52\expnd1\expndtw5\cf19\kerning28\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af0 \sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \styrsid16389932 Title Char;}{\*\cs22 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid16389932 Hyperlink;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 \slink24 \ssemihidden \styrsid13721317 header;}{\*\cs24 \additive \f36\fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink23 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid13721317 Header Char;}{\s25\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext25 \slink26 \styrsid13721317 footer;}{\*\cs26 \additive \f36\fs20 \sbasedon10 \slink25 \slocked \styrsid13721317 Footer Char;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1516311\rsid4290219\rsid8743692\rsid10379716\rsid13506965\rsid13721317\rsid14831913\rsid14884076\rsid16389932}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Baskent University Alanya Hospital}{\author inxs n}{\operator sandeep}
{\creatim\yr2009\mo5\dy30\hr1\min10}{\revtim\yr2009\mo5\dy30\hr1\min10}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1365}{\nofchars7786}{\nofcharsws9133}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale80\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot16389932\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid13721317 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13721317 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13721317 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13721317 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid14884076\sftnbj {\footer \pard\plain \s25\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20\brdrcf20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\rtlgutter\itap0 
\f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\field{\*\fldinst {\insrsid13721317  PAGE   \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 1}}}{\b\insrsid13721317  | }{
\expnd12\expndtw60\cf21\insrsid13721317 Page}{\b\insrsid13721317 
\par }\pard \s25\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid13721317 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10379716 
\f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs32\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 Baskent University Alanya Hospital
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10379716 
\par }{\insrsid16389932 Location info: 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb200\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317 
Address: Saray Mah.Yunus Emre Cad.No:1, Alanya, 07400}{\insrsid13721317  }{\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317 Turkey
\par City: Alanya 
\par Country: Turkey 
\par }{\insrsid4290219\charrsid13721317 Contact}{\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317  Number: +90 242 511 25 11, +90 242  511 00 53 
\par Fax Number: +90 242 511 23 50, +90 242  511 57 20 
\par }{\insrsid4290219\charrsid13721317 Email:}{\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317  }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\b0\insrsid13721317\charrsid13721317  HYPERLINK "info@baskent-aln.edu.tr,%20medex@baskent-aln.edu.tr" }{\b0\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 
{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000030000000303000000000000c000000000000046000068000000433a5c446f63756d656e747320616e642053657474696e67735c73616e646565705c4c6f63616c2053657474696e67735c54656d705c696e666f406261736b656e742d616c6e2e6564752e74722c206d
65646578406261736b656e742d616c6e2e6564752e747200ffffadde000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs22\b0\ul\cf2\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317 info@baskent-aln.edu.tr, medex@baskent-aln.edu.tr}}}{
\b0\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317 
\par }{\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317 Website: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\b0\insrsid13721317  HYPERLINK "http://}{\b0\insrsid13721317\charrsid13721317 www.baskent-aln.edu.tr}{\b0\insrsid13721317 " }{\b0\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006200610073006b0065006e0074002d0061006c006e002e006500640075002e00740072002f000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\cs22\b0\ul\cf2\insrsid13721317\charrsid14831913 www.baskent-aln.edu.tr}}}{\insrsid16389932\charrsid13721317  
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932 
\par }{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid13721317\charrsid16389932 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 Description: 
\par }{\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10379716 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs20\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 
Baskent University Alanya is one of the 8 satellite medical centers under the supervision of Baskent University Ankara, who is specialized in diagnose, therapy, dialysis and transplantation.
\par 
\par \'b7 Ankara Hospital & Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Adana Hospital & Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Alanya Hospital & Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Konya Hospital & Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Izmir Z\'fcbeyde Hn.Hospital & Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Istanbul Hospital Cardio Vas.Surgen & Dialysis
\par \'b7 Ayas Physical Therapy & Rehabilitation Center
\par \'b7 Yapracik Psychosocial Rehabilitation Center
\par \'b7 Elmalik (Yalova) Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Iskenderun Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Zile (Tokat) Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 Sanliurfa Dialysis Center
\par \'b7 In-Vitro Fertilization Center
\par \'b7 Experimental Research Centers
\par 
\par Baskent University Ankara Hospital which started operating in 1985 with 60 bed capacity, is being expanded continuously by addition of new fully equipped blocks and buildings. It is called "Baskent University Bahcelievler Campus" now.
\par 
\par The Ankara Hospital has well-equipped laborator
ies that provide clinicians with accurate and rapid diagnostic assistance. All the laboratories serve research activities as well. Electrophoresis, nephelometry, and ELISA systems are available for specific tests. Immunofluoroassay, radioimmunoassay, and 
automatic absorpsiometry techniques are also used routinely.
\par 
\par Baskent University Adana Hospital is a fully staffed and well equipped 18,000 m2, 14-floor health center with a 420-bed capacity hospital was opened in June 1998 in Adana.
\par 
\par The center accommodate
s a hemodialysis unit that has 69 beds, 7 operating rooms, 4 intensive care units, and a burn unit. Radiology, nuclear medicine, and laboratory divisions provide all types of sophisticated techniques for advanced applications and investigations.
\par 
\par The center has outpatient clinics, performs all types of surgical procedures, and accepts emergency admissions.
\par 
\par In Baskent University Alanya Hospital, as in all of the other establishments of Baskent University, our primary aim in our services being advanced under
 the guidance of total quality management up to now, has been, a very special and emphasised respect to the patient rights, a cheerful and warm reception to our applicant patients and in a clean environment to offer the fastest diagnose and the best quali
ty treatment.
\par 
\par Baskent University Konya Hospital was established in June 2003 fully equipped with advanced diagnostic and therapeutic facilities. It consists of 4 blocks yielding a closed area of 22,000 m2. The center accommodates a hemodialysis unit with 30 machines, 7
 
operating theaters, 2 birth delivery rooms, 2 intensive care units with 50 beds for adults and children, and a burn unit with 4 beds. Medical services in outpatient clinics and patient wards are supported with very well equipped radiology, nuclear medicin
e, and clinical pathology laboratories. All types of surgeries are performed and emergency admissions are accepted.
\par 
\par Izmir Z\'fcbeyde Han\'fdm Hospital was established in September 1994. At that time it provided mainly outpatient services and hemodialysis, but si
nce then the center has grown to include all major departments and an inpatient service with 10 beds and 2 operating rooms. It is a measure of the center's success that one-fifth of all end-stage renal disease patients in the Aegean region are maintained 
at our Dialysis Unit. 
\par 
\par The facility now has over 100 staff to provide high-quality health services and ensure patient satisfaction. In addition to the services provided, the staff attends screening studies in the field, such as the Menopause and Breast Can
cer Review. This study was supported with local seminars and conferences. Like all the other centers associated with Baskent University, the activities of the Z\'fcbeyde Hanim Hospital are governed by CQI principles.
\par 
\par The Turkish Standards Institute awarded the center the TSE-EN ISO 9001 Quality System Certificate in March 1998.
\par This study was supported with local seminars and conferences. Like all the other centers associated with Baskent University, the activities of the Z\'fcbeyde Hanim Hospital are governed b
y Continuous Quality Improvement (CQI) principles. The Turkish Standards Institute awarded the center the TSE-EN-ISO 9001 Quality System Certificate in March 1998.
\par 
\par The gastroenterology outpatient clinic. An upper gastrointestinal system endoscopic examination. The radiology department.
\par 
\par The Ba\'fekent University \'ddstanbul Dialysis Center was established in February 1985. It has served continuously since then, and currently has 42 hemodialysis machines in operation.
\par 
\par The Ayas Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation
 Center was founded in 1993, in affiliation with Baskent University. With its scientific and academic basis and continual growth and development, the center uses all the latest therapeutic modalities in physical medicine and rehabilitation.
\par 
\par It is a compr
ehensive physical therapy and rehabilitation center with a professional health staff, a hydrotherapy unit that uses water from natural hot springs, an isokinetic testing and exercise laboratory, a therapeutic exercise and conditioning unit with modern equ
ipment, an occupational therapy unit, and recreational units
\par 
\par The center has a 90 bed in-patient capacity, and provides the following activities and services: outpatient clinics, hemodialysis, rehabilitation of paralysis and disabilities due to neurologic d
isease, rehabilitation of locomotors system disorders, rehabilitation of mental and motor retardation in children, family medical counseling, rehabilitation for those with chronic systemic disease, postoperative care, and rehabilitation during convalescen
ce after major surgery.
\par 
\par The Geriatric and Psychosocial Rehabilitation Center was established in association with Ba\'fekent University in 1997 in Ankara. This is a multifunctional unit that has facilities to provide special care and dialysis.
\par 
\par The center aims
 to rehabilitate various geriatric patient groups: those with treatable geriatric disorders who require care and education; cancer patients, especially those in the terminal stages; those with orthopedic problems, such as hip fractures; those with neurolo
gic disorders, such as hemiplegia, caused by cerebrovascular accidents and spinal cord injury; those with rheumatologic conditions, chronic renal failure, other chronic systemic diseases; and patients during post-operative convalescence
\par 
\par The Baskent University Elmal\'fdk Dialysis Center is unique in that it operates in a village setting. Located near a summer resort, the center provides service for patients from abroad and from the region.
\par 
\par It has three dialysis units with a total of eight machines. Two medical doctors, three nurses, and three paramedics serve on a full-time basis.
\par 
\par The Iskenderun Dialysis Center is associated with the Baskent University Adana Medical and Research Center, and has a capacity of 28 dialysis machines.
\par 
\par The full-time staff includes two medical doctors, five nurses, and seven paramedics.
\par 
\par 
\par The medical Services offered are 
\par 
\par \'bb Organ Transplantation & Donation
\par \'bb Cancer & Radiotherapy
\par \'bb Check-Up Center & Allergies Tests
\par \'bb Dentistry & Dental interventions
\par \'bb Dermatology & Cosmetic care
\par \'bb Diabetes Care & Thyroid Diseases
\par \'bb Ear Nose & Throat Surgery
\par \'bb Eye Treatment & Surgery
\par \'bb Gastro Intestinal & Digestive System
\par \'bb General Surgery
\par \'bb Gynecology Treatment & Surgery
\par \'bb Heart Surgery & Diseases
\par \'bb Neurology & Nervous System
\par \'bb Neurosurgery Treatment
\par \'bb Orthopaedics & Bones Treatment
\par \'bb Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery
\par \'bb Tumour Surgery
\par \'bb Urology & Kidney Treatment
\par \'bb Nuclear Medicine}{\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 Qualifications: }{
\insrsid16389932 
\par }{\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 Accredited: ISO 9001:2000
\par 
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 
List of Surgeries/Treatments: }{\insrsid16389932 
\par }{\insrsid16389932\charrsid16389932 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 
\par  
\par }{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932\charrsid4290219 List of }{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid4290219\charrsid4290219 Specialties}{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932\charrsid4290219 /Departments: }{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid16389932 
\par }{\b\f36\fs24\insrsid4290219 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10379716 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10379716\charrsid10379716 Allergology
\par Angiology
\par Anesthesia and Reaanimatio
\par Audiology
\par Dental care
\par Dermatology
\par Dialysis Center
\par Emergency unit
\par Endocrinology
\par General medicine
\par General surgery
\par Geriatrics
\par Gynecology and Obstetrics
\par Maxitlo-facial surgery
\par Nephrology
\par Neurology (EEG, EMG)
\par Neurosurgery
\par Neonatal Intensive Care
\par Nutrition Obstetrics Oncology
\par \bullet Ophthalmology
\par \bullet Orthopedics
\par \bullet Orthopedics and (Arthroscopy)
\par \bullet Otorinolaringology
\par \bullet Pain clinic
\par \bullet Pediatrics
\par \bullet Pediatrics surgery
\par \bullet Physiotherapy
\par \bullet Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation
\par \bullet Plastic Reconstructive surgery
\par \bullet Pneumology
\par \bullet Psychiatry
\par \bullet Reproductive medicine
\par \bullet Revalidation
\par \bullet Rheumatology
\par \bullet Stomatology
\par \bullet Thoracic surgery
\par \bullet Traumatic surgery and Traumatology
\par \bullet Tropical diseases
\par Urology
\par \bullet Uroflowmetry and Urodynamy
\par \bullet Urology ......Urodynamic evaluation
\par \bullet Endoscopic and percutaneous techniques
\par \bullet Cystoskopy
\par \bullet Ureteroscopy
\par \bullet Lithotripsy (ESWL)
\par \bullet Vascular surgery
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f36\fs24\insrsid10379716\charrsid4290219 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10379716 Other info}{\insrsid16389932  
\par }{\insrsid4290219 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 Number of Doctors:N.A 
\par Bed:N.A 
\par Languages: Turkish, English 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 Doctors: 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932\charrsid10379716 Under Construction 
\par }{\insrsid16389932  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 Testimonials: 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 N.A 
\par }{\insrsid4290219 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj \li0\ri0\sb80\keep\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \b\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 Package Deal: 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13721317 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16389932 N.A
\par 
\par  
\par   }{\insrsid14884076 
\par }}