{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f192\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f193\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f195\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f196\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f197\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f198\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f199\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f200\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f552\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f553\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f555\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f556\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f559\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f560\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3108352\rsid5789742}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Alexandra Hospital}{\author sandeep}{\operator sandeep}{\creatim\yr2009\mo5\dy22\hr16\min36}{\revtim\yr2009\mo5\dy22\hr16\min36}{\version2}{\edmins8}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords958}{\nofchars5461}
{\nofcharsws6407}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot5789742 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5789742 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Alexandra Hospital
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Location info:
\par Address:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 378 Alexandra Road
\par Singapore 159964
\par 
\par Contact Number: 6473-5222
\par Fax Number:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 6479-3183
\par Email:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 enquiry@alexhosp.com.sg
\par Website: www.alexhosp.com.sg
\par 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 Description}{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Alexandra Hospital embarks on a new journey under a new entity known as Alexandra Health. With the restructuring
, Ministry of Health Holdings now has Alexandra Health, presently comprising Alexandra Hospital and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital (KTPH), under its purview. A Board of Directors comprising captains of industry from mainly non-healthcare sectors such as hospital
ity, technology and finance, assumes its responsibility for AH/KTPH.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Alexandra Hospital was restructured on 1st October 2000 and became a member of the National Healthcare Group.}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  I}{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 ts facilities and services }{
\fs20\insrsid5789742 was}{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
 upgraded to serve patients better. Patients are our priority and we have gone out of our way to improve our environment and to ensure quality and safer medical service. Best practices from other organizations are also adopted to deliver effective an
d efficient quality service.}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Alexandra Hospital embarks on a new journey under a new entity known as Alexandra Health.}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
With the restructuring, Ministry of Health Holdings now has Alexandra Health, presently comprising Alexandra Hospital and Khoo Teck Pua
t Hospital (KTPH), under its purview. A Board of Directors comprising captains of industry from mainly non-healthcare sectors such as hospitality, technology and finance, assumes its responsibility for AH/KTPH.
\par 
\par 
\par Qualifications:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Not Applicable
\par 
\par Quality:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Our paramount concern is the welfare and well-being of our fellow human beings. We sympathise with those struck by illness and suffering and will do our best to help alleviate their condition.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Vision & Mission:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Vision
\par Adding years of healthy life to the people of Singapore
\par Mission
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
We will improve health and reduce illness through patient-centred quality healthcare that is Accessible and Seamless; Comprehensive, Appropriate and Cost-Effective; in an environment of continuous learning and relevant research.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 List Surgeries/Treatments:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Day Surgery Centre
\par General Surgery
\par Orthopaedic Surgery
\par Otolaryngology, Head & Neck Surgery (ENT)
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 List of Specialties /Departments:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Anesthesia
\par Cardiology
\par Dental
\par Diabetes Centre
\par Diagnostic Radiology
\par Endoscopy
\par General Medicine
\par Geriatric Medicine
\par Nursing
\par Nutrition and Dietetics
\par Medical Social Service
\par Health for Life Centre
\par Occupational Therapy
\par Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences
\par Rehabilitation
\par Renal Medicine
\par Respiratory Medicine
\par Rheumatology
\par Urology
\par Psychological Wellness
\par Renal Medicine
\par Geriatric Medicine
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Others}{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Number of Doctors: 285
\par Bed: 400
\par Languages:}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 English, Mandarian,}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Malay,}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Tamil
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Awards and Recognitions:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Doctors}{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 :
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par Dr. Lim Kim Seong}{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 , MBBS (S'pore), MMed (Anaes), FANZCA Anaesthesia
\par Dr. Low Huey Moon, BDS,MDS, FAMS,Dental
\par Dr. Michael John Clarke,MBBS (Melbourne), FRANZCR  Diagnostic Radiology
\par Dr.}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Tavintharan Subramaniam, MBBS (S'pore), MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS,}{\fs20\insrsid5789742  }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Endocrinology
\par Dr. Cheng Kui-Sing Anton , MBBS (Hong Kong), FRCS (Edin), FRACS, General Surgery
\par Dr. Tan Eng Chun , MBBS (S'pore), GDFM, GDOM, Health for Life Centre
\par Dr. Yip Chee Chew , MBBS(S'pore), MMed(Ophth), FRCS(Edin), FAMS, Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences
\par Dr. Mok Kan Hwei Paul , MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Glasg), FAMS, Otolaryngology, Head & Neck Surgery (ENT)
\par Dr. Chan Keen Loong , MBBS (S'pore), MMed (Psych), Psychological Wellness
\par Dr. Yeoh Lee Ying , MD (UKM), MRCP (UK),Renal Medicine
\par Dr. Ng Swee Cheng MBBS (S'pore), MMed (Int Med), FAMS, Rheumatology
\par Dr. Lim Tow Poh , MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Edin), Urology
\par Dr. Ong Hean Yee , MBChB BAO (Queen's U of Belfast), MRCP (UK), ASCeXAM, FAMS, Cardiology
\par Dr. Tey Beng Hea , MBBS (S'pore), MMed (Int Med), FAMS,Diabetes Centre
\par Dr. Lee Chun Yue Francis , MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Edin), FAMS, Emergency Medicine (A&E)
\par Dr. Azman Johan , MBBS (S'pore), FRCP ,FAMS, FCCP (US), General Medicine
\par Dr. Low Yiew Hock James Alvin , MBBS (S'pore), MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS, Geriatric Medicine
\par Dr. Wong Moh Sim , MBChB (Leichester), FRCPath, MAACB, FRCPA, MHS (Mgt), FAMS, MHSM (Sydney), Laboratory Medicine
\par Dr. Chin Thaim Wai ,MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Edin), FRCS (Glasg), FAMS Orthopaedic Surgery
\par Dr. Low Tut Choon , MBBS (S'pore), MMed (Anaes), Pain Management
\par Dr. Doraisamy Daphne Preima , MBBS (Madras), D Med Rehab (UK), MSc (Oxon), FAMS, Rehabilitation
\par Dr. Azman Johan, MBBS (S'pore), FRCP ,FAMS, FCCP (US), Respiratory Medicine
\par Dr. Soon Yee Hong Michael , MBBS, MRCS (Edin), MMed (Edin) (Ortho)(Edin), FRCSEd (Ortho), Sports Medicine
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Testimonials:}{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 \'93We are very happy with the services provided by Alexandra Hospital. We didn\rquote t have to worry much about the appointments, examination, treatment etc. It\rquote s all being taken care of by the hospital\'94

\par Ms Sara Veronica Sathymoorthy, Bangalore, India
\par Ms Aik Kim brought her parents to Alexandra Hospital for health screening and to seek medical consultation with Associate Professor Rajasoorya
\par \'93Many thanks for your attention and help to us and hope you'll do the same 
for the entire patient. The services at Alexandra Hospital are excellent. We are very impressed with the ways the hospital delivered its services. From delivering the specimen bottle to our hotel in the late evening, fetching us from hotel to the hospital
 
and ensuring that all appointment / services are scheduled within the same day. The doctors and staff that treated my parents are also very efficient and friendly. I'll recommend any of my friend or relatives to go to your hospital if they have plan to do
 medical check up or seek treatment in Singapore\'94
\par Ms Aik Kim, Indonesia
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Package Deal:}{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Heart disease, stroke, diabetes and kidney disease are among the top causes of death in Singapore. These illnesses are often 'silent killers' and are largely lifestyle 
related. With early detection though regular health screening, these diseases can be prevented or treated, minimising your risk of being burdened with the complications of these life-threatening diseases.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid5789742\charrsid5789742 Our Health for Life Centre is a wellness centre that is dedicated to adding years of healthy life to the people of Singapore through early detection of lifestyle related diseases, intervention program
s and health education. We understand that different people have different lifestyles, health risks and needs. As a result, at the Health for Life Centre, we offer various health screening packages to suit your individual needs.
\par }}