{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f191\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f192\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f194\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f195\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f196\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f197\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f198\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f199\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f551\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f552\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f554\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f555\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f558\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f559\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid15101302}{\*\generator Micr
osoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Mount Alvernia Hospital }{\author sandeep}{\operator sandeep}{\creatim\yr2009\mo5\dy25\hr7\min18}{\revtim\yr2009\mo5\dy25\hr7\min18}{\version2}{\edmins7}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords840}{\nofchars4791}{\nofcharsws5620}
{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot15101302 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Mount Alvernia Hospital 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Location info:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Address:}{\fs20\insrsid15101302  }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 820 Thomson Road}{
\fs20\insrsid15101302 , }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 (opposite MacRitchie Reservoir), 
\par Singapore 574623}{\fs20\insrsid15101302 .}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302  
\par 
\par Contact Number: (65) 6347 6666
\par Fax Number:}{\fs20\insrsid15101302  }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 (65) 6347 6632
\par Email:}{\fs20\insrsid15101302  }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 enquiry@mtalvernia-hospital.org
\par Website: www.mtalvernia-hospital.org
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid15101302\charrsid15101302 Description}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 :}{\fs20\insrsid4474234 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302\charrsid15101302 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Mount Alvernia Hospital was founded in 1961 by a group of Catholic Sisters from the Franciscan Missionaries of the Divine Motherhood (FMDM). 
The history of Mount Alvernia Hospital began in 1949 when a small group of Franciscan Missionaries of the Divine Motherhood Sisters arrived in Singapore by invitation from the local government. They were to take up nursing posts in the Tuberculosis Sec
tion of Tan Tock Seng Hospital while waiting for Mandalay Road Hospital to be handed over to them to manage as a separate unit of Tan Tock Seng Hospital. Here the Sisters started a training school for nurses (Tuberculosis certificate). Within months, the 
Sisters were also nursing leprosy patients at the Trafalgar Home, and staffing the School for leprosy children.}{\fs20\insrsid4474234 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302\charrsid15101302 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 In response to requests from several quarters, and foreseeing the time when Singapore's recovery from the Japanese Occupation would mean that the
 government would no longer need their services, the Sisters saved their hard-earned salaries to build up a Fund for the eventual building of a private Catholic hospital. These savings amassed over 10 years were augmented by generous donations from both c
ompanies and individuals.  In addition, there are two Medical Centres, tenanted by consultants providing a wide spectrum of specialist medical and surgical services.}{\fs20\insrsid4474234 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302\charrsid15101302 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Mount Alvernia Hospital is a general hospital that aims to deliver compassionate and high q
uality holistic care regardless of race and religion. We are guided by Christian values and the moral teachings of the Catholic Church. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Qualifications:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20\insrsid15101302 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Quality:
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 
We shall work together to serve you with the same respect and dignity that we expect for our own families
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Vision & Mission:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 To be recognised as the industry leader in the delivery of compassionate and patient cente}{\fs20\insrsid15101302 re}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 d health care.
\par Mount Alvernia Hospital is a general hospital that aims to deliver compassionate and high quality holistic care regardless of race and religion. We are guided by Christian values and the moral teachings of the Catholic Church.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 List Surgeries/Treatments:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302 An}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 esthesiology
\par Audiology
\par Cardiovascular Diseases (Heart and Blood Vessels)
\par Colon and Rectal Surgery
\par Cosmetic and Reconstructive Surgery
\par Criti}{\fs20\insrsid15101302 c}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 al Care
\par Dental Specialties (Teeth, Gums and Jaws)
\par Dermatology
\par Emergency Medicine
\par Endocrinology, Diabetes, 
\par Metabolism, Nutrition (Hormone-Secreting Glands- including Thyroid, Ovaries, Pituitary - and Nutrition)
\par Family Medicine
\par General Surgery
\par Gastroenterology
\par Gerontology
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302 Gyn}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 ecology
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15101302 H}{\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 ematology (Blood)
\par Hypertension (High Blood Pressure)
\par Infectious Diseases
\par Internal Medicine
\par Laboratory Medicine and Pathology
\par Nephrology (Kidney)
\par Neurology (Brain, Spinal Cord and Nervous System)
\par Obstetrics
\par Oncology (Cancer)
\par Ophthalmology (Eye)
\par Otorhinolaryngology (Ear, Nose & Throat)
\par Pain Management
\par Paediatrics (Children)
\par Rehabilitative Medicine
\par Preventive Medicine
\par Radiology
\par Respiratory Medicine
\par Rheumatology (Muscles and Joints)
\par Sleep Disorders
\par Sports Medicine
\par Urology (Urinary System)
\par Vascular Medicine (Blood Vessels) \tab  
\par List of Specialties /Departments:
\par Internal Medicine 
\par Cardiology 
\par Dermatology 
\par Endocrinology 
\par Gastroenterology 
\par Geriatric Medicine 
\par Haematology/Oncology 
\par Infectious Diseases 
\par Nephrology 
\par Neurology 
\par Respiratory 
\par Rheumatology
\par 
\par Others info?
\par Number of Doctors: 77
\par Bed: 303
\par Languages:English
\par Awards and Recognitions:
\par }\pard \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\tx2385\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 \tab 
\par }\pard \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Doctors:
\par Dr Wong Woon Wai James, MBBS (Monash, Australia), FRCS (Ed), FAMS (Cardiothoracic surgery)
\par Dr Ja Intarasoot is a Paediatric Dentist (Children\rquote s Dentist).
\par Dr Poh has a Bachelor of Dental Surgery from Singapore and a Masters in Endodontics from University College London in 1998 , Endodontics (Root Canal Treatment) and Dental Pain Management.
\par Dr Ang Chee Beng, MBBS, MRCP (UK), dermatologist
\par Dr Foo Toon Hiong , MB,BS (Singapore) (1978); FRCS (Glasgow) (1985); Fellow of Academy of Medicine, Singapore (1994), General ear, nose and throat problems in adults and children \endash  medical and surgical management. 
\par Dr Peter L. H. Hwang, MBBS, FRCP (C) \endash  Fellow of Royal Canadian College of Physicians, ABIM \endash 
 Certification by American Board of Internal Medicine in Internal Medicine and Endocrinology / Metabolism, Diabetes and related disorders (e.g. high cholesterol and high blood pressure) Endocrine diseases (e.g. thyroid, adr
enal, gonadal and pituitary disorders).
\par Dr Chew Chay Noi, MBBS (SINGAPORE), M.MED. (INTERNAL MEDICINE), FAMS, internal medicine and digestive disease disorders, performs upper and lower gastrointestinal endoscopies.
\par Dr Chua Wan Hoi, MBBS (HK) in 1963 and FRCS (Edinburgh), Surgery.
\par Dr Tan Soo Heong, MBBS (S\rquote pore), FRCS (Edinburgh), FRCS (Glasgow), FAMS (Hand Surgery).
\par Dr Ching Kwok Choy, M. BB7 1975, M.MED (O+G) 1981, MR.C.OG 1982 (LONDON), surgery in gynaecological cancer and colposcopy.
\par Dr Wong Chor Chon, MBBS (S'pore) D.O (London) FRCS (Glasgow), Ophthalmology .
\par Dr Leong Chi Sern Leslie, Sports Orthopaedics, Shoulder & Upper Limb Surgery
\par Testimonials:
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Package Deal:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid4474234\charrsid15101302 Hormonal profile assessing the serum levels of the four major female hormones: FSH, \~\~
LH, Progesterone and Estradiol 
\par Ultrasound pelvis checking for ovarian cysts and uterine fibroids 
\par Screening mammogram checking for microcalcifications which may be an early sign of \~\~breast cancer 
\par Bone mass densitometry and bone mineral screen gauging overall bone health 
\par Pap smear screening for cervical cancer.
\par }}