{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs22 National Heart centre, singapore\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Location info:\par
\pard Address:\par
National Heart Centre Singapore\par
Mistri Wing\par
17 Third Hospital Avenue\par
Singapore 168752\par
\par
Contact Number: +65 6236 7438\par
Fax Number:(65) 6227 3562\par
Email:ims@nhc.com.sg\par
Website: www.nhc.com.sg\par
\par
About Us:\par
\par
The National Heart Centre Singapore (NHC) is a 185-bed national and regional referral centre for cardiovascular diseases. A one-stop facility with the largest heart specialists group in Singapore, NHC treats complex cases and sees the highest volume of heart patients locally. \par
Each year, we handle over 90,000 outpatient consultations, 6,000 interventional and surgical procedures and 9,000 inpatients. Our outcomes for heart attack treatment, balloon angioplasty with stenting and bypass surgery have been shown to be equivalent to international standards.\par
NHC is the first heart centre outside USA and in Asia to receive the prestigious Joint Commission International (JCI) since 2005, which is an assurance for safe and quality patient care for our patients.\par
\par
The National Heart Centre Singapore is part of\~SingHealth, the eastern cluster of public healthcare institutions in Singapore. Its members include 3 Hospitals (Singapore General Hospital, Changi General Hospital, KK Women's and Children's Hospital), 5 National Specialty Centres (National Heart Centre Singapore, National Cancer Centre Singapore, National Dental Centre Singapore,\~Singapore\~National Eye Centre, National Neuroscience Institute)\~and a network of primary healthcare clinics.\par
\par
Our services include\par
 \par
\tab\par
  \par
Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring \par
\par
 Ambulatory electrocardiogram (Holter monitoring) \par
\par
Cardiac and thoracic computed tomography\par
\par
Cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging \par
\par
Chest X-ray\par
\par
Coronary angiography\par
\par
Echocardiography (Trans-thoracic, Trans-oesophageal & 3D) \par
\par
Electrocardiogram (ECG) \par
\par
Electrophysiological study \par
\par
Exercise stress ECG \par
\par
Intravascular ultrasound imaging\par
\par
Nuclear stress/rest perfusion scans\par
\par
Rest & exercise gated blood pool scans\par
\par
Rest-redistribution thallium imaging\par
\par
Signal-averaged ECG (SA-ECG) \par
\par
Stress echocardiography \par
\par
Transtelephonic ECG \par
\par
Upright tilt test \par
\par
Percutaneous balloon pulmonary valvuplasty\tab\par
\par
Lung resection \par
\par
Lung transplantation\par
\par
Lung volume reduction surgery\par
\par
Maze surgery \par
\par
\par
Mechanical heart assist device implantations\~ \par
\par
Off-pump/ beating heart surgery\par
\par
Peripheral vascular arterial surgery\par
\par
Thoracic aorta surgery\par
\par
Valvular heart surgery including valve repair and replacement surge\tab  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard NHC successfully re-accredited by JCI \par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22\par
Medical Excellence, Genuine Care\par
Compassion \endash  We treat our patients and customers with courtesy, respect and dignity and ensure their privacy. We treat individual patients and customers, as we ourselves would like to be treated.\par
Communication \endash  We listen, understand, and provide information to meet the needs of our patients and customers. We value and act promptly on our patients\rquote  and customers\rquote  feedback.\par
Commitment \endash  We anticipate our patients\rquote  and customers\rquote  needs and offer assistance to the best of our ability. We take ownership of every opportunity to meet our patients\rquote  and customers\rquote  expectations or requirements.\par
Collaboration \endash  We provide assistance and support to our colleagues, business partners, and all others concerned for the well-being of our patients and customers.\par
\~Consistency \endash  We ensure our patients and customers experience quality care and excellent service at every encounter.\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
Vision\par
To be a renowned organization at the leading edge of medicine, providing quality healthcare to meet our nation's aspirations.\par
Mission\par
The National Heart Centre is dedicated to providing excellence in healthcare as the national and regional referral centre for cardiovascular disease through cost-effective and best care possible at the best value. This will be achieved through our clinical services, teaching, research and training.\par
\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> \par
Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
Cardiac Surgery \par
\'b7\tab Conventional coronary artery bypass graft surgery \par
\'b7\tab Off-pump/ beating heart surgery \par
\'b7\tab Heart valve heart surgery \par
\'b7\tab Surgery for congenital heart disease \par
\'b7\tab Maze surgery for abnormal heart rhythm \par
\'b7\tab Left ventricular reconstructive surgery (also known as Dor or Saver surgery) \par
\'b7\tab Heart transplantation for patients with end-stage heart disease \par
European System for Cardiac Operative Risk Evaluation\par
CABG\par
VALVES\par
PTCA\par
Thoracic Surgery \par
\'b7\tab Lung resection for tumours \par
\'b7\tab Minimally invasive thoracoscopic procedures \par
\'b7\tab Lung volume reduction surgery \par
\'b7\tab Lung transplantation\par
Aortic and Peripheral Vascular Surgery\par
\'b7\tab Thoracic aorta surgery \par
\'b7\tab Abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery \par
\'b7\tab Surgery for acute and chronic arterial disorders \par
\'b7\tab Creation of arterio-venous fistulae for dialysis\par
Mechanical heart assist device\par
\'b7\tab Left ventricular assist device (LVAD) \par
\'b7\tab Biventricular assist device (BIVAD) \par
\'b7\tab Extra-corporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO)\par
National Cardiovascular Homograft Bank\par
\par
The first Singapore\rquote s national homograft bank was established in February 2008. A new programme under the National Heart Centre (NHC) Singapore and supported by the Ministry of Health (MOH), the National Cardiovascular Homograft Bank (NCHB) aims to create an available supply of cryopreserved heart valves, vascular tissue and tracheal homografts for transplantations. This will reduce our heavy reliance on dwindling, expensive overseas sources in the long term in order to meet our patients\rquote  needs.\par
Diagnostic Cardiovascular Imaging \par
\'b7\tab Multi-slice cardiovascular and thoracic computed tomography \par
\'b7\tab 1.5 T cardiovascular MRI including magnetic resonance angiography \par
\~\par
Interventional Peripheral Radiology \par
\'b7\tab Diagnostic angiography and right heart cardiac catheterisation \par
\'b7\tab Peripheral and aortic angioplasty, fibrinolysis and stent implantation \par
\'b7\tab Advanced neurovascular intervention including coil embolisation \par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
\par
Cardiology\par
Cardiothoracic Surgery\par
Cardiothoracic Anaesthesia\par
Cardiac Radiology\par
\par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 60\par
Bed: 185\par
Languages:English\par
\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385 NHC and SGH jointly performed Asia's first-ever heart and liver transplant\par
A multi-disciplinary team from the NHC's Heart and Lung Transplant Unit and SGH's Liver Transplant Service successfully performed\~the first-ever combined heart and liver transplant in Asia in early April 2009. \par
\par
National Heart Centre Singapore performed Asia's first percutaneous aortic valve replacement procedure\par
The National Heart Centre Singapore became the first in Asia to introduce the Percutaneous Aortic Valve Replacement in February 2009,\~a minimally\~invasive procedure to treat patients with severe aortic stenosis and are not suitable for the conventional open-heart approach\par
NHC established Singapore's First Homograft Bank\tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
Doctors:\par
A/Prof Koh Tian Hai Medical Director,Department of Cardiology MBBS, MMed Int Med) \par
Dr Aaron Wong Department of Cardiology, MBBS, MRCP\par
Dr. Felix Keng MBBS, M MED (Int Med), FRCP(Edin), FRCP(London), FAMS(Cardiology), Certificate Board of Nuclear Cardiology\par
Dr K Gunasegaran Department of Cardiology MBBS, M Med (Internal Medicine)\par
Dr Ching Chi Keong Department of Cardiology MBBS, MRCP (UK)\par
Dr. Chan Wah Hak Nien-Shen Charles MB BCh (Ireland), MRCP (UK), FAMS, FRCP (Edin) \par
Prof. Wong Keng Yean MBBS, M Med (Paed)\par
Dr Kenny Sin Yoong Kong Cardiothoracic Surgery MBBS, FRCS (Edinburgh), RVPI, FAMS\par
Dr. Cheah Foong Koon Cardiac Radiology MBChB (Edin), MRCP (UK), FRCR\par
\par
\par
Testimonials:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard Evacuation/Return to Home Country\par
We will coordinate with the international medical assistance agencies if you need to evacuate to Singapore for treatment. Likewise, we can assist with the return-to-home country arrangements to ensure that you have a safe journey home. \par
Follow-up Care\par
We will assist you with follow-up care arrangements, including arranging for the next follow-up appointment, rehabilitation, and provision of medical devices and special therapy. \par
Based on the initial treatment recommended by the specialist, we will provide you with a cost estimate for your outpatient and/ or hospital stay.\par
To ensure that you and your relatives\rquote  needs are well taken care of, we also provide other services to make your stay here hassle-free and more pleasant.\par
\~\par
\'b7\~Interpreters for non-English speaking patients\par
\'b7\~Foreign exchange\par
\'b7\~Private nursing service\par
\'b7\~Business Centre services including faxing, photocopying and assisting in the visa extension (where required).\par
\par
Accommodation\par
We will help you find a hotel or service apartment located within 2 km of National Heart Centre at attractive corporate rates, which best suits your needs and budget, \par
Airport Transfer\par
We can help to arrange for airport transfer using limousine, ambulance or taxi so that you have a smooth journey.\par
Visitor Information \par
Information on recreation and entertainment in Singapore such as where to eat, shop and go for sightseeing will be provided upon request. \par
}
 