{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset238 Verdana;}{\f3\froman\fcharset238{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CE;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 Medical Poland \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22 Location info:\par
\pard Address:Kurpi\f2\'f1skiego 12/10a \par
Bydgoszcz Poland \f1\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 Contact Number: \f0\fs24 +48 52 561 02 62 / +1 212 201 74 86 (USA) \par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 Fax Number:\f0\fs24 +48 52 561 04 86 \par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 Email:office@medical-poland.com \f0\fs24\par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
Website: www.medical-poland.com\par
\par
About Us:\par
\par
\f0\fs24 Our company is one of the first to enter the European Union market in highly specialized medical tourism service. We are pleased to be able to offer a wide range of professional medical services that follow the highest quality standards set by European Union law. We are founded on the prinicples of professionalism, safety and most importantly - patients satisfaction. Our standard for services is a part of our commitment to patients and foucses on having the best: the latest hi-tech equipment, highly skilled medical personnel and courteous administrative staff.\f1\fs22\par
\par
Gizinscy Medical Center's cosmetic facility \par
The Gizinscy Medical Center's cosmetic facility is committed to delivering the highest standard of surgical, clinical and nursing care that the medical profession can offer. From the moment our patients enter the reception area to the day they go home thrilled with their enhanced appearance, we treat everyone as if they were our only and the most important patient. The same guiding principles have driven us to develop our state of the art facilities. Even the most skilled artists can be held back by the wrong tools. Heavily investing in the latest and best equipment, our cosmetic surgery facility has some of the most up to date equipment in Europe, enabling the highly trained staff to give the very best standard of care. \par
\par
When you feel good about yourself with a good physical appearance, it definitely produces a better quality of life and better personal achievements. \par
\par
Clinical Hospital \par
\par
The Clinical Hospital No. 10 and Polyclinic came into being in 1985. The primary reason for its establishment was the need to provide medical services to servicemen and their families. In 1999 the Hospital became the Independent State Healthcare Institution, which enabled it to provide medical services to all citizens. Today the Hospital is one of the largest and most modern hospitals in Poland, which takes advantage of the experience of medical service, creating conditions which meet the essential European Union requirements and NATO standards. The Hospital offers comprehensive diagnostics and treatment of patients at the highest, third reference level.\par
\par
The functional layout of hospital units and a wide range of treatments offered make the hospital meet the requirements set for an institution offering treatment of multiorgan injuries. The Hospital possesses a helicopter pad, Emergency Department connected with the Operating Theatre and Intensive Medical Care Unit. It has a new, 10-room operating theatre, which comprises the central sterilization room, Intensive Care Unit and one of the most modern operating theatres in the world, equipped with a neuronavigation system, used in 2 operating rooms, and an intraoperative system of CT imaging.\par
\par
Thanks to extensive computer network we are able to transfer diagnostic information to particular units. The network has also been adapted to teleconsultation and image transfer from operating rooms to classes for the purpose of doctor and student education. We can actively participate in panel discussions, conferences, working meetings with centres all over the world and all this thanks to telemedic connections. This system is also used for medical consultation and surgical procedures performed by doctors from our Hospital and Peace Mission Hospital during peace missions.\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard\par
The certificate was issued on behalf of the Polish National Institution in NATO in the scope of Quality Assurance (Military Center of Standardization, Quality and Codification).\par
\par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 General surgeries \par
The Clinical Hospital No. 10 and Polyclinic came into being in 1985. The primary reason for its establishment was the need to provide medical services to servicemen and their families. In 1999 the Hospital became the Independent State Healthcare Institution, which enabled it to provide medical services to all citizens. Today the Hospital is one of the largest and most modern hospitals in Poland, which takes advantage of the experience of medical service, creating conditions which meet the essential European Union requirements and NATO / OTAN standards. The Hospital offers comprehensive diagnostics and treatment of patients at the highest, third reference level.\par
The functional layout of hospital units and a wide range of treatments offered make the hospital meet the requirements set for an institution offering treatment of multiorgan injuries. The Hospital possesses a helicopter pad, Emergency Department connected with the Operating Theatre and Intensive Medical Care Unit. It has a new, 10-room operating theatre, which comprises the central sterilization room, Intensive Care Unit and one of the most modern operating theatres in the world, equipped with a neuronavigation system, used in 2 operating rooms, and an intraoperative system of CT imaging (operating theatre cost over $ 12 000 000 ; and together with those in Boston (USA), Germany and Saudi Arabia belongs to the most advanced and best equipped operating theatres in the world).\par
Vagal Nerve Stimulator\par
Cervical Discectomy with Fusion\par
Spinal Fusion-Single Level\par
Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinsons\par
Carpal Tunnel Surgery\par
Angioplasty\par
Angioplasty with one regular stent BMS\par
Angioplasty with one medicated (Cypher) stent DES\par
2 stent BMS\par
Coronary Angiography\par
Pacemaker Single Chamber\par
Pacemaker Double Chamber\par
Pacemaker Biventricular\par
Implantable Cardiac Defibrillators (Single Chamber)\par
Implantable Cardiac Defibrillators (Double Chamber)\par
Implantable Cardiac Defibrillators (Combo Device)\par
Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG)\par
Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) Re-Do\par
Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) & Carotid\par
Single Heart Valve Replacement\par
Double Heart Valve Replacement\par
Arthroscopic Surgery - Meniscectomy\par
Arthroscopic Surgery - Shaving of Cartilage\par
Arthroscopic Surgery - Anterior Cruciate Ligament\par
Knee Replacement Surgery - Single -Cemented\par
Knee Replacement Surgery - Single -Cementless\par
Hip Replacement Surgery - Single -Cemented\par
Hip Replacement Surgery - Single -Cementless\par
Sports Injuries - Memisectomy\par
Sports Injuries - Shaving of Cartilage\par
Hip Resurfacing + short stem prosthesis\par
Laparoscopic Ureterolithotomy\par
Laparoscopic Nephrectomy\par
Laparascopic Renal Cyst\par
Uro-oncology - Adrenelectomy - LAP\par
Laparascopic Varicocelectectomy Unilateral\par
Laparoscopic Adhesiolysis\par
Male Infertility - Varicocele Unilateral\par
Male Infertility - Varicocele Bilateral\par
Endoscopic Surgery - TURP/TUEVP\par
Endoscopic Surgery - Optical Internal Urethrotomy\par
Endoscopic Surgery - Bladder Neck Incision\par
Endoscopic Surgery - Endopyelotomy\par
Stone Disease - PCNL\par
Stone Disease - URS diagnostics\par
Stone Disease - Lithotripsy-ESWL/Holmium Laser, Larger Stone = Higher Price\par
Uro-oncology - Radical/Partial Nephrectomy - OPEN\par
Uro-oncology - TURBT\par
Uro-oncology - Radical Prostatectomy - OPEN\par
Uro-oncology - Adrenelectomy - LAP\par
Uro-oncology - Radical Cystectomy & Unrinary Diversion\par
Uro-oncology - Bladder Biopsy\par
Uro-oncology - Prostate Biopsy\par
Uro-oncology - Nephroureterectomy & Bladder Cuff Excision - OPEN\par
Uro-oncology - Nephroureterectomy & Bladder Cuff Excision - LAP\par
Uro-Oncology - Segmental /Partial Cystectomy\par
Uro-oncology - Radical Orchidectomy Bilateral\par
Uro-oncology - Transurethral Resection of Bladder Tumor TURBT\par
Reconstructive Urology - Uretheroplasty\par
Holmium Laser - Enucleation of Prostate\par
Holmium Laser - Stricture Urethra\par
Holmium Laser - Retrocade/Antegrade Endopyelotomy for PUJ\par
Holmium Laser - Bladder Neck Incision for BNO\par
Holmium Laser - Core through Uretherotomy\par
Testis Removal - Orchidectomy\par
Carotid Artery Surgery & Angioplasty for Cerebrovascular Ischemia\par
Brain CT\par
Brain CT with contrast\par
Brain MRI\par
Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy\par
Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy with CBD Exploration\par
Laparoscopic Repair of Hernia - Unilateral\par
Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy with CBD Exploration\par
And other surgeries \par
\par
Plastic surgeries \par
At The Cosmetic Clinic we are able to help you achieve the look you have always wanted. With cosmetic treatments becoming increasingly popular, they are also becoming more affordable, removing the barriers between you and the appearance you desire. \par
The Gizinscy Medical Center's cosmetic facility is committed to delivering the highest standard of surgical, clinical and nursing care that the medical profession can offer. From the moment our patients enter the reception area to the day they go home thrilled with their enhanced appearance, we treat everyone as if they were our only and the most important patient. The same guiding principles have driven us to develop our state of the art facilities. Even the most skilled artists can be held back by the wrong tools. Heavily investing in the latest and best equipment, our cosmetic surgery facility has some of the most up to date equipment in Europe, enabling the highly trained staff to give the very best standard of care. \par
\par
When you feel good about yourself with a good physical appearance, it definitely produces a better quality of life and better personal achievements. \par
\par
Together we can help make your desired image a reality. \par
Cosmetic treatments we offer are as follows: \par
EARS\par
- Correction of ears\par
- Reconstruction of torn ear lob\par
- Reduction of the ear size \par
EYELIDS\par
- Removal of wrinkles\par
- Removal of xanthelasma of the eyelid\par
- Reconstruction of the eyelid defect\par
FACE LIFT\par
- Face lift\par
- Face and neck lift \par
NOSE\par
- Correction of the cartilaginous\par
- Total nose correction with osteotomy \par
BREASTS\par
- Breast lift with the reduction of the size\par
- Breast lift without the reduction of the size\par
- Breast size enlargement\par
- Ginecomasty \par
ABDOMINOPLASTY\par
- Tummy Tuck \par
OTHER\par
- Botox\par
- Axillary hyperhidrosis\par
- Hyaluronic acid treatment of wrinkles\par
- Scar removal\par
- Birthmark, wart removal with a histopathology test\par
Dental \tab  \par
We work in comfortable, air-conditioned wards and use the most modern equipment and facilities such as: operating room, radiological equipment (panthomogram, radiovisiography, cephalometrics), endodontic microscope, surgical laser, biostimulating laser, intraoral camera. \par
\par
The operating theatre together with the special ventilation system follows the most strict world standards. Doctors use professional equipment made by: KaVo, Gendex, Zeiss and EMS. Similarly, all materials we use for treatment are of high quality and come from respected suppliers. We offer a wide range of dental treatments and surgeries. From complex face and jaw surgeries to implants, periodontic, endodontic and sophisitacted aesthetic dentistry. Apart from simple diagnosis all our patients recieve a multi-variant treatment program which can be adjusted according to their individual needs. \par
\par
Out staff consists of a team of highly-skilled and well-trained people who apart from their everyday practise often participate in research programs. The clinic cooperates with resaerch centres in Warsaw and Poznan. All scientific findings are published in medical newspapers as well as presented at european and international conferences. \par
Dental treatments we offer are as follows:\par
\par
IMPLANTS \par
IMPLANT SURGERIES\par
- open and closed sinus lift procedures\par
- mandibular augmentation with bone substitutes\par
- reconstruction of maxillary as well as mandibulary alveolar process with autologous transplants from mentum and hip \par
NEW SMILE\par
- veneers\par
- full ceramic crowns\par
- gold and titanium crowns\par
- modern dentures\par
- bleaching dead and discoloured teeth\par
- one stand bleaching\par
- bleaching by night (Night White) \par
ENDODONTICS \par
MAXILLOFACIAL SURGERY\par
- surgical tooth extraction\par
- extraction of unerupted tooth\par
- root resection\par
- tooth replantation\par
- preprosthetic surgery\par
- orthodontical surgery\par
- periodontological surgery\par
- minor featural and reconstructional surgery as well as oral cavity surgery \par
PERIODONTICTS \par
PROPHYLAXIS\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\f1\fs22 List of Specialties /Departments:\b0\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs24 Main operating theatre\par
\b0 The Main Operating Theatre began operating on 3 September 1985. Over the years the number of operations performed has increased considerably. New operating methods have been constantly implemented. The first laparoscopic cholecystectomy was performed in Bydgoszcz by Dr W. Gontarz (MD, PhD), assisted by the hospital medical staff, on 5 March 1992. Surgeries to follow include thoracoscopic splanchnicectomy performed for the first time in Poland by Dr Krzysztof Leksowski (MD, PhD) in 1997, micro-invasive surgeries of rectal tumours (transanal endoscopic microsurgey - TEM), reflux laparoscopy and thermoablation of metastatic liver tumours. Innovative surgeries, which are the first or among the first surgeries in Poland and in this part of Europe, were performed by Prof. Marek Harat (MD, PhD). These include: surgeries performed to remove Parkinson's disease symptoms, implantation of stimulators in infantile cerebral palsy. Neurosurgeons use modern neuronavigation, which allows for the reduction of perioperative injuries of the central nervous system and precise location of pathological lesions. We also perform surgeries to treat mental diseases such as obsessive-compulsive disorder. Another Unit to introduce new surgical methods on the Main Operating Theatre is the Urology Clinical Unit. The use of laser allows for lithotripsy, laparoscopic nephrectomy and varicocele surgery which are low-invasive. The progress and development of the scope of surgeries calls for the establishment of new conditions.\par
 \par
Cardiosurgery \tab  \par
The Department of Cardiology of the Military Clinical Hospital No. 10 and Polyclinic comprises four units:\par
Invasive Cardiology Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit - Teresa Rusicka \endash  Piekarz, MD \par
Non-invasive Cardiology and Electrotherapy Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit - Krzysztof Kawecki, MD \par
Intensive Cardiological Care Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit - Pawe\f3\'b3 Grzelakowski, MD \par
Cardiosurgery Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit - Maurycy Missima, MD, PhD \par
The Department also comprises the following laboratories:\par
Echocardiography Laboratory \par
Haemodynamics Laboratory \par
Exercise Test Laboratory \par
Holter Laboratory \par
Pacemaker Monitoring Laboratory \par
The Department offers a wide range of medical services:\par
The Cardiosurgery Clinical Unit performs a full range of heart surgeries, such as mitral valve surgery, aortic valve surgery, aortic aneurysm surgery, congenital heart disease surgery in adults, and surgical treatment of infective endocarditis. \par
Diagnostics and treatment of circulatory system diseases in adults and early rehabilitation after acute coronary event. \par
Implantation and monitoring of implanted pacemakers and cardioverters. \par
Diagnostics and intervention treatment of cardiovascular diseases. \par
The Department also provides education for medical staff. It also organizes a specialist course for nurses and midwives called \ldblquote Performing and Interpreting ECG.\rdblquote\par
Neurosurgery\par
The Department of Neurosurgery performs surgeries for brain tumours, cerebrovascular diseases, craniocerebral injuries, spinal and spinal cord tumours, spinal injuries and degenerative changes, hydrocephalus, peripheral nerve injuries and tumours. Spine surgery and functional surgery are of particular interest. In 1999 we performed the first surgery for Parkinson\rquote s disease. We also performed the first in Poland surgery for a mental disease \endash  OCD. To treat spasticity in adults we perform microsurgical DREZ-otomy of cervical and thoracolumbar spine, and peripheral neurotomy. In the treatment of epilepsy we perform temporal lobectomy and implant vagus nerve stimulators. As regards spine surgery we perform surgeries for all spine sections, using modern stabilizing systems. In the case of injuries and diseases which disturb the stability of craniocervical junction we perform occipito-cervical stabilization using CCD system. In the cervical spine surgeries we perform intervertebral stabilizations using implants, and in the case of posttraumatic instability - also anterior plates. In advanced multilevel cervical spondylosis with myelopathy we perform a so-called \ldblquote open door\rdblquote  laminoplasty. In the case of thoracic and lumbar sections we use anterior approach through chest or extraperitoneal and posterior approaches. We use anterior and posterior intervertebral cages, vertebral prosthesis, transpedicular stabilizations depending on the levels and causes of instability. As regards the treatment of nervous system tumours we cooperate with the Oncology Centre in Bydgoszcz (in brachytherapy of deeply located glial and metastatic brain tumours). We perform stereotactic brain tumour biopsies and thanks to the cooperation with Dr Tadeusz Szylberg, a neuropathologist, the biopsies are performed during surgery in an operating theatre.\par
The Department possess two air-conditioned operating rooms, equipped with two operating microscopes, ZEISS and M\'d6LLER - WEDEL with video channel, Valleylab Cusa Excel with anti-gravity head and electrocoagulation, BrainLab set for stereotactic surgeries with program for full-volume image overlapping and planning, system for neuronavigation, a set of tools for microdiscectomy, set for hypophyseal tumour surgery approached from sphenoid sinus, brain endoscope, device for intraoperative USG and X-ray.\par
In 2003 we purchased a BrainLab system for neuronavigation.\par
 \par
Neurology \tab  \par
Since 2000 the Department of Neurology has participated in numerous international studies on new drugs used in the treatment of epilepsy, stroke, Parkinson\rquote s disease, and multiple sclerosis. The studies conducted allowed the doctors working at the Department of Neurology to participate in numerous training courses abroad and present their own achievements during scientific conferences, both in Poland and abroad.\par
The Division of Clinical Neurophysiology, thanks to the state-of-the-art equipment, performs the following neurophysiological examinations: evoked potentials, electromyography (EMG, SFEMG), electroencephalography (EEG, mapping, 24-hour EEG recording, video EEG).\par
Presently the scientific research of the Department of Neurology is focused on the participation in international research programmes concerning the introduction of new drugs to treat multiple sclerosis, including evaluation of current drugs which modify the course of this disease as part of the therapy, evaluation of the risk of atheromatosis in the course of ischaemic brain disease and evaluation of the efficacy of new drugs used in the treatment of dementia syndrome, Parkinson's disease and acquired neuropathies.\par
 \par
Orthopedics\tab  \par
The Department performs endoprosthetic surgeries, using either cemented and non-cemented prosthesis - primary or revision prosthesis of shoulder joints, elbow joints, hip joints, knee and ankle joints, including surface and short-pin hip joint prosthesis, non-cemented and single-compartment knee joint prosthesis \endash  320 a year, and joint arthroscopies with ACL plasty, using bioabsorptive pins, and the reconstruction of glenoid labrum of the shoulder joint.\par
For knee endoprosthetics we use a computer navigation system.\par
Additionally, in the treatment of fractures and complications in the union of broken bones we use GPS II system and biosubstitute bone fillers (Chronos, Calcibone), intramedullar anastomosis, internal stabilizers, LESS, Philos and AO plates.\par
The Department possesses its own operating theatre with two operating rooms, consultation and instructive room, plaster room and two dressing rooms, aseptic and septic.\par
Urology\par
Since the reform of the health service in 1999 the number of hospitalization and surgeries performed has increased considerably. The Unit performs a full range of surgeries, with the exception of the implantation of penis and sphincter prostheses. The first cystectomy was performed at the beginning of the unit activity, ureters using Mauclair method were implanted for the first time in 1987; the first intestinal bladder substitute using Studer method was created in 1995; and the first radical prostatectomy was performed in 1996. The development of low-invasive methods, acquisition of new endoscopic equipment, and the activity forced by the reform brought the changes in the functioning of the Unit. We take on new challenges as regards oncological, endourological and laparoscopic surgeries. The number of patients admitted to hospital increased considerably (around 2,000 hospitalizations); around 1,800 surgeries are performed each year; the hospital stay was shortened to 4 days; treatment procedure standards in accordance with the principles prepared and adopted by the European and Polish Association of Urology are being implemented. The Unit possesses new, air-conditioned, fully equipped endoscopy room. It organizes regular trainings and specialization courses. The Unit meets higher sanitary and epidemiological standards.\par
Internal diseases\par
The Department of Internal Diseases possesses qualified and integrated team of doctors and nurses, wide diagnostic and therapeutic possibilities.\par
The Department of Internal Diseases has been given accreditation for internal diseases specialization programme. Rapid development of a wide range of diagnostic examinations, endoscopy, biopsy and therapeutic treatments in alimentary tract haemorrhage, cholelithiasis, iatrogenic bile duct injuries and prosthesis fitting, treatment of oesophageal stenosis following inflammation and neoplastic lesions with self-expanding prosthesis, using modern endoscopic equipment, made the Gastroenterology Clinical Unit a perfect candidate to receive accreditation for specialization programme; the Unit became the leading gastroenterology centre of the military health services in the region and throughout Poland.\par
The Department offers a wide range of medical services:\par
Diagnostics and treatment of deficiency of micro- and macroelements with a particular focus on magnesium deficiency. \par
Diagnostics and treatment of microcirculation in internal diseases. \par
Diagnostics and treatment of alimentary tract diseases with a particular focus on endoscopic therapeutic methods in alimentary tract haemorrhages, cholelithiasis, iatrogenic complications and bile duct pathology, and oesophageal dilation in oesophageal stenosis. \par
Diagnostics and treatment of respiratory tract diseases using endoscopy and CT-controlled fine needle aspiration biopsy. \par
Improvement of dialysis therapy methods in the treatment of patients with chronic renal failure. \par
Diagnostics and treatment of endocrinological diseases with a particular focus on thyroid, adrenal, parathyroid and hypophyseal diseases. \par
Treatment of diabetes and its acute and chronic complications. \par
Rehabilitation \par
The Department comprises the following Clinical Units/Divisions:\par
Neurological Rehabilitation Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit: Jaros\'b3aw Tywoniuk, MD \par
Systemic Rehabilitation Clinical Unit \endash  Head of the Unit: Krzysztof Radziszewski, MD, PhD \par
Post-traumatic Paraplegia Clinical Unit \par
Rehabilitation Division \par
The Department of Rehabilitation has 54 beds and treatment facilities which allow for comprehensive rehabilitation of children and adults. The staff consisting of 63 persons fills all positions necessary to carry out the comprehensive rehabilitation programme. The dominant group are outpatients. Each year we receive over 10,000 patients and administer about 1,000,000 treatments. The Department of Rehabilitation offers comprehensive rehabilitation (kinetic, psychological, speech) for adults and children. Extensive treatment facilities as well as skilled and experienced staff guarantee rehabilitation for all patients who need it. Depending on the indications, the treatment is administered in hospital, in one of the three units (Neurological Rehabilitation Unit, Post-traumatic Paraplegia Unit, or Systemic Rehabilitation Unit), on an outpatient basis (Rehabilitation Division) or at patient\rquote s home. The Department rehabilitates patients with neurological (severe spinal and spinal cord traumas, spinal pain, balance disorders, Parkinson\rquote s diseases, MPD), orthopaedic (postoperative and post-traumatic conditions) and rheumatologic diseases.\par
Gynaecology \par
The Unit possesses its own operating theatre, treatment room, examination room, ultrasonography room (USG with vaginal head) and urodynamic examination laboratory. The operating theatre is equipped with operating laparoscope with video channel, diagnostic hysteroscope, and two cystoscopes with video channel. The Gynaecology Clinical Unit performs a range of gynaecological surgeries through abdomen, vagina, and using laparoscopy. We use IVS method to treat urinary stress incontinence. We have performed around 200 of such surgeries with very good therapeutic results. In 2004 the Unit was distinguished and received a cup from the Hospital Commandant for the introduction of new operating techniques. Overall, since the beginning the Unit has treated 21,802 patients, delivered 8,541 babies, performed 6,412 serious and 14,542 minor surgeries. The number of surgeries, introduction of new operating techniques and the participation in conferences and training courses help with proper training of doctors who improve their qualifications, and obtain degrees of specialization.\par
Radiology \par
The Division of Medical Radiology is one of the most modern institutions in the Polish Army and the macroregion, providing medical services to patients all over Poland. The Division provides 24-hour services to the Hospital and Bydgoszcz, performing 100,000 examinations each year, including 10,000 CT and around 7,000 MR examinations. It performs a variety of interdisciplinary surgeries, in which radiologists play a part, such as diagnostic and therapeutic biopsies, which require X-ray, USG, CT or MR examinations, thermoablation, thermoresection, brain stereotactic surgery, vertebroplasty and other. The Diagnostic and Vascular Intervention Laboratory performs a full range of therapeutic examinations, including the use of modern techniques such as abdominal aortic aneurysm repair (aortic stent-grafts), peripheral stents, intracerebral aneurysm repair, embolization of aneurysms, fistulas, and neoplastic tumours. The magnetic resonance laboratory implements the latest diagnostic procedures, such as: diffusion examinations, perfusion examinations, MR spectroscopy, functional examinations (cortical mapping), whole body and total spine examinations. The advanced system of image processing in computer tomography allows for non-invasive examination of large intestine (virtual colonoscopy), bronchia (virtual bronchoscopy), vessels (peripheral angiography, brain angiography, abdominal vessel angiography, and CT coronarography). The laboratory also performs perfusion examinations of the central nervous system. \par
In January 2008 the Division purchased the latest AGFA product, IMPAX 6.3, for processing, administration, and distribution of medical data, using digital radiography.\par
Anaesthesiology\par
 \par
Profile\par
The Anaesthesiology and Intensive Care Clinical Unit comprises:\par
Intensive Care Unit with 13 beds, attended by 4 doctors, \par
Anaesthesiological Team comprising 14 doctors attending 7 stations of the main operating theatre, and 11 anaesthesiological stations at Departments, Operative Units and Clinical Division of Medical Radiology. \par
The Anaesthesiology and Intensive Care Clinical Unit takes care of medical emergencies. Such emergencies include patients:\par
after sudden circulatory arrest, \par
with respiratory failure due to various reasons, \par
after drug poisoning and overdosing, \par
with acute bacterial and mycotic infections (sepsis), \par
requiring intensive and postoperative care, \par
requiring sedation and analgesia (anaesthesia) during surgery. \par
In 2008 the buildings comprising a new Operating Theatre with 10 anaesthesiological stations and a postoperative room with 10 beds, with equipment and monitoring system meeting the latest standards will be put into operation. The Unit will also have a new, bigger Intensive Therapy Unit with 22 beds.\tab\b  \b0\f0\par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: \par
Bed: \par
Languages:English\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385\tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Doctors:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 Andrzej \f3\'a3ugowski, MD, PhD,Deputy Head of Department\par
Cardiosurgery Clinical Unit\par
Maurycy Missima, MD, PhD, \par
Micha\'b3 Ruchalski, MD, PhD, \par
Wojciech Szczawi\'f1ski, MD,\par
 Artur Rymsza, MD, \par
Pawe\'b3 Peryga, MD, \par
Andrzej Chyrek, MD\par
Maciej D\'eabczy\'f1ski, MD,\par
 Radomir Skowronek, MD, \par
Robert Parszuta, MD, \par
Maciej Zag\'f3rski, MD\par
Krzysztof Chmura, MD\par
Invasive Cardiology Clinical Unit\par
Teresa Rusicka \endash  Piekarz, MD, \par
Tomasz Wnuk, MD\par
Rados\'b3aw Formuszewicz, MD, \par
Maciej Olechnicki, MD\par
Prof. Marek HARAT, MD, PhD \endash  neurosurgeon\par
Julita Gryz, MD, PhD, Clinical psychologist \par
Prof. Zdzis\'b3aw MACIEJEK, MD, PhD \endash  internal diseases specialist and neurologist\par
Stanis\'b3aw TKACZYK, MD \endash  orthopaedist and traumatic surgeon\par
acting Lt Col Waldemar Dudzic, MD \endash  urologist\par
Col Krzysztof KOMOROWSKI, MD, PhD \endash  internal diseases specialist and endocrinologist\par
Col Krzysztof RADZISZEWSKI, MD, PhD \endash  surgeon and rehabilitation specialist\par
acting Maj. Marek H\'caSIAK, MD, PhD - gynaecologist and obstetrician\par
Lt Col Cezary WA\'a3\'caSA, MD \endash  radiologist\par
Lt Col Tadeusz PIEKARZ, MD \endash  anaesthesiologist and intensive care specialist\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
\par
Testimonials:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 Medical Tourism combines medical service with tourist attractions at an affordable price. Providing the best medical care in the most comfortable conditions is the focal point of Medical-Poland. Each client is treated with utmost care and duty by our team of English speaking specialists making your stay the most pleasant you may ever experience. In case of any problems with booking a direct flight to Bydgoszcz we suggest choosing a direct flight to Warsaw, Poznan or Gdansk. The assistance of our resident is provided on your arrival (no matter which airport you choose). This person will accompany you on your journey to a comfortable hotel and will supervise your whole stay in Poland. The aim of our team is to guarantee your security and care during the entire course of treatment. We offer transport from the airport by minibus or taxi (Mercedes-Benz make). Every time our consultant will help you to choose the most convenient connection to Bydgoszcz including suggestions about a transport company, a flight number and the dates of arrivals and departures. Please be informed that Poland is a part of the European Union, which means that you need to be aware of detailed conditions concerning your arrival in EU. \par
*Important: U.S. citizens can travel to Poland for tourism and business purposes for up to 90 days without Visas. Visas for U.S. citizens are free of charge.\par
You must be aware that there are no direct flights from U.S. to Bydgoszcz. The most convenient connection is a direct flight to Warsaw (where we can easily pick you up and transport to Bydgoszcz). Such a connection is provided by LOT - Polish Airlines: www.lot.com\par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
}
 