{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs24 CTG HEALTHCARE\b0  GROUP\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 Location info: \f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs22 Address: \f0\fs24 Akdeniz cad. Akdeniz Ishani no:5 d:201 Pasaport \line Izmir\par
\f1\fs22 Contact Number: \b\f0\fs24 0207 872 54 72\b0\par
+44 207 872 54 72; +90 232 4463034\par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
Fax Number:\par
Email:\par
Website:www.ctghealthcare.co.uk\par
\par
 \par
About Us:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs24 CTG HEALTHCARE\b0  is one of the most well-known \b Medical Groups\b0  in Turkey, whether you require a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?breast_augmentation&menuid=21216"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul breast enlargement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?face_lift&menuid=21226"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul face lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 ,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?liposuction_body_sculpting&menuid=21231"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul  liposuction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?cosmetic_dentistry&menuid=21165"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul cosmetic dentistry}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  . We offer high quality, affordable Medical Services in Turkey and have served a large quantity of patients from both Turkey and abroad. Certified plastic surgeons & dentists with very good reputation, as well as the experienced staff are all fluent in English. All procedures are performed in the technologically advanced operating theaters of our Hospital and Dental Clinic located in Izmir, Turkey. \line\line Accommodation and travel services are provided by \b CTG HEALTHCARE's\b0  own travel department, group A travel agency which is specialized on Medical Tourism. \b CTG HEALTCARE\b0  travel department can provide you flights to Izmir and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?hotel_options&menuid=21271"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul accommodation }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 , a personal welcome at Izmir International Airport and transfer to your hotel, Full 24-hour support from our dedicated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?im_ca_travel_agency&menuid=21270"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Medical Tour Experts}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 , private transfer to and from your treatment, a complete package of relaxing recuperation options from spa treatments to city tours including nurse support if necessary.\line\line In the beautiful city of Izmir, it is possible to enjoy both historical sites such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?ephesus_and_house_of_virgin_mary&menuid=21304"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Ephesus}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 , Pergamon, and nice beaches such as \'c7esme, Kusadasi. Maybe a nice ferry tour on Izmir bay, a nice {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?blue_voyage&menuid=21274"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul yatch tour}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  for a few days on the Aegean sea or visiting some big {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?shopping_mall_days&menuid=21305"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul shopping malls}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  might be an unforgettable experience for you. Besides, the hospital and the clinic are situated in a very central neighborhood of the city, which makes it practical to explore the beautiful city of Izmir by yourself.\line\line With our experience of treating hundreds of patients, we make the process of travelling for overseas surgery simple and easy taking the stress out of booking and being there when it matters most. \par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\b\f0\fs24 CTG HEALTHCARE\b0  \par
\f1\fs22\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard Not Applicable\par
\par
\par
\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b\f0 CTG HEALTH CARE\b0  is the only \b Medical Tourism company\b0  which has \b Medical Tour Specialists\b0 . Our Medical Tour Specialists take care of you from the first time you contact us until you have your surgery done and go back to home. They are ready to serve you 7 / 24, look after you during your stay and respond all your questions even when you get back home.\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 COSMETIC SURGERY \par
If you feel a desire to improve certain aspects of your look, cosmetic surgery can make that change possible.\line\line It can be a great support to self-confidence, give you a wonderful psychological boost, and help you look as young as you feel!\line\line Your cosmetic surgery is carried out at a well established private hospital, with an outstanding reputation. Our cosmetic surgeons are amongst the most skilled, qualified, and innovative in their field and are always up to date with the latest techniques and developments. They are all certified by the Board of the National Medical Association for General Surgery, Reconstructive and Cosmetic Surgery also studied in the \b USA\b0  or \b UK\b0 .\line\line Newly developed sophisticated techniques mean that treatment can be performed rapidly with minimally invasive surgery under local anaesthetic. This means better results and faster recovery times with less risk to the patient, than traditional cosmetic surgery.\line\line You can be assured of \b CTG HEALTHCARE\b0\rquote s fullest discretion when undergoing cosmetic surgery.\line\par
Surgery For Women \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?abdominoplasty_tummy_tack&menuid=21213"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Abdominoplasty-Tummy Tack}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?eyelid_surgery&menuid=21225"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Eyelid Surgery}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?arm_lift&menuid=21214"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Arm Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?face_lift&menuid=21226"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Face Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?botox&menuid=21215"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Botox}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  \cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?full_body_lift&menuid=21227"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Full Body Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?breast_augmentation&menuid=21216"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Breast Augmentation}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?labia_reduction&menuid=21228"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Labia Reduction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?breast_reduction&menuid=21217"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Breast Reduction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?lip_enlargement&menuid=21229"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Lip Enlargement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?breast_uplift&menuid=21218"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Breast Uplift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?lipostructure&menuid=21230"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Lipostructure}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?brow_lift&menuid=21219"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Brow lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?liposuction_body_sculpting&menuid=21231"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Liposuction/Body Sculpting}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?buttock_implants&menuid=21220"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Buttock Implants }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?hair_transplants&menuid=21232"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hair Transplants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?correction_of_scars&menuid=21221"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Correction of Scars}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?nose_reshaping&menuid=21233"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Nose Reshaping}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?calf_implants&menuid=21222"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Calf Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?thight_lift&menuid=21234"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Thight lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?cheek___chin_implants&menuid=21223"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Cheek & Chin Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?wrinkle_treatment&menuid=21235"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Wrinkle Treatment}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5417\clvertalc\cellx5697\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?dermabrasion&menuid=21224"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Dermabrasion}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
Surgery For Men \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?male_chest_reduction&menuid=21236"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Male Chest Reduction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?varicose_veins&menuid=21247"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Varicose Veins}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?circumcision&menuid=21237"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Circumcision}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l """}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Obesity Surgery}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?testicular_implants&menuid=21238"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Testicular Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?browlift&menuid=21249"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Browlift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?pectoral_implants&menuid=21239"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Pectoral Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?dermabrasion&menuid=21250"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Dermabrasion}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?tummy_tuck_abdominoplasty&menuid=21240"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Tummy Tuck/Abdominoplasty}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?eyebag_removal&menuid=21251"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Eyebag Removal}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?liposuction_body_sculpting&menuid=21241"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Liposuction/Body Sculpting}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?face___neck__llifts&menuid=21252"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Face-lifts }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?full_body_lift&menuid=21242"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Full Body Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?face___neck__llifts&menuid=21252"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Neck-lifts}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?buttock_implants&menuid=21243"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Buttock Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?nose_reshaping&menuid=21254"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Nose Reshaping}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?calf_implants&menuid=21244"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Calf Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?ear_reshaping&menuid=21255"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Ear Reshaping}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?thigh_lift&menuid=21245"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Thigh Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?cheek_chin_implants&menuid=21256"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Cheek&Chin Implants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx270\clvertalc\cellx457\clvertalc\cellx5419\clvertalc\cellx5699\clvertalc\cellx9349\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?arm_lift&menuid=21246"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Arm Lift}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\'bb\cell{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?hair_transplants&menuid=21257"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hair Transplants}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trrh315\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx6350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qj Orthopaedic surgery is the surgical treatment of diseases and injuries affecting the musculo-skeletal system (the system that enables physically movement using the muscles and skeleton). The aim of orthopaedic surgery, therefore, is to restore lost function in any part of the musculo-skeletal system to allow the patient to return to their former way of life. The most common procedures involve knee surgery and surgery to treat severe back pain. Where possible, our orthopaedic surgeons use the latest minimally invasive surgical techniques to reduce recovery time. This is especially helpful with knee and back surgery, where the area being operated on is particularly complex and delicate. \par
When pain in the joint and mobility limitation interferes with your ability to enjoy life and perform your daily activities, surgery may be a welcome option. Such a decision requires an understanding of the risks and benefits of surgery, the types of surgery that are available and the alternative treatments. The foremost step toward making this decision is to discuss the pros and cons of surgery with your doctor, as well as whether surgery is advisable and feasible for you. If alternative treatment options have not improved your quality of life, then you may be ready to consider Orthopedic Surgery.\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\qj As \b CTG HEALTHCARE\b0  we provide a full range of orthopaedic surgery and treatments with an emphasis on personal care and excellent service. Our prices are highly competitive with surgery and recovery holiday packages available on all procedures. Our goal is to get you back on your feet and back in step with life.\par
Take a look at the most preferred orthopedic procedures we provide:\par
Arthroscopies of knee, hip, ankle, elbow and shoulder\line Carpal tunnel syndrome \line Trigger finger\line Ganglion removal\line Tennis elbow\line Golfer's elbow\line Bunions\line Hammer Toe\line Knee, shoulder & hip replacements\line Meniscus Surgery\line Ligament reconstruction\line and many more\'85\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\'b0 Orthopedic Surgery Procedures \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmgf\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmgf\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_replacements_for_younger_patients&menuid=21389"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Replacements for younger Patients}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?sports_injuries&menuid=21397"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Sports Injuries}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?osteotomies_around_the_knee&menuid=21398"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Osteotomies Around the Knee }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?anterior_cruciate_ligament_replacement&menuid=21399"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Anterior Cruciate Ligament Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?smallincisiontotal_hip_replacement&menuid=21390"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul SmallIncisionTotal Hip Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?menisectomy&menuid=21400"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Menisectomy }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_resrfacing&menuid=21391"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Resrfacing }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?multi_ligament_injury_to_the_knee&menuid=21401"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Multi-Ligament Injury to the Knee}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?revision_hipreplacement&menuid=21392"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Revision Hipreplacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/total_knee_replacement&menuid=21402"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Total Knee Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_dysplasia&menuid=21393"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Dysplasia}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?partial_knee_joint_replacement&menuid=21403"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Partial Knee Joint Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?femoroace_tabular_impingement&menuid=21394"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Femoroace tabular Impingement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?surgery_for_chondral_damage&menuid=21404"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Surgery For Chondral Damage}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?avascular_necrosis&menuid=21395"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Avascular Necrosis}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?knee_arthroscopy&menuid=21405"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Knee Arthroscopy}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?disorders_ofmscles__tendons_nervesof_the_hip&menuid=21396"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Disorders Ofmscles, Tendons&Nervesof the Hip }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?bow_legs_and_knock&menuid=21406"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Bow Legs and Knock}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
Orthopedic Surgery Procedures \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmgf\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmgf\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_replacements_for_younger_patients&menuid=21389"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Replacements for younger Patients}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?sports_injuries&menuid=21397"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Sports Injuries}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?osteotomies_around_the_knee&menuid=21398"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Osteotomies Around the Knee }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx122\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?anterior_cruciate_ligament_replacement&menuid=21399"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Anterior Cruciate Ligament Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?smallincisiontotal_hip_replacement&menuid=21390"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul SmallIncisionTotal Hip Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?menisectomy&menuid=21400"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Menisectomy }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_resrfacing&menuid=21391"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Resrfacing }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?multi_ligament_injury_to_the_knee&menuid=21401"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Multi-Ligament Injury to the Knee}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?revision_hipreplacement&menuid=21392"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Revision Hipreplacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/total_knee_replacement&menuid=21402"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Total Knee Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?hip_dysplasia&menuid=21393"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hip Dysplasia}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?partial_knee_joint_replacement&menuid=21403"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Partial Knee Joint Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?femoroace_tabular_impingement&menuid=21394"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Femoroace tabular Impingement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?surgery_for_chondral_damage&menuid=21404"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Surgery For Chondral Damage}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?avascular_necrosis&menuid=21395"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Avascular Necrosis}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?knee_arthroscopy&menuid=21405"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Knee Arthroscopy}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?disorders_ofmscles__tendons_nervesof_the_hip&menuid=21396"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Disorders Ofmscles, Tendons&Nervesof the Hip }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?bow_legs_and_knock&menuid=21406"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Bow Legs and Knock}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx122\cellx4940\cellx5072\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\cell\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmgf\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?acl_reconstruction&menuid=21407"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul ACL Reconstruction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?ankle_arthrodesis__fusion_&menuid=21408"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Ankle Arthrodesis (Fusion)}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?arthroscopy_of_the_wrist&menuid=21409"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Arthroscopy of the Wrist}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?baker__039_s_cyst&menuid=21410"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Baker's Cyst}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?bunion_surgery&menuid=21411"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Bunion Surgery}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?carpal_tunnel_syndrome&menuid=21412"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Carpal Tunnel Syndrome}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?cruciate_ligament_repair&menuid=21413"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Cruciate Ligament Repair}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?dupuytren__039__contracture&menuid=21414"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Dupuytren' contracture}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx122\clvertalc\cellx4940\clvmrg\clvertalc\cellx5072\clvertalc\cellx9875\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?elbow_replacement&menuid=21415"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Elbow Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
Orthopedic Surgery \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?acl_reconstruction&menuid=21407"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul ACL Reconstruction}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?ankle_arthrodesis__fusion_&menuid=21408"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Ankle Arthrodesis (Fusion)}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?arthroscopy_of_the_wrist&menuid=21409"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Arthroscopy of the Wrist}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?baker__039_s_cyst&menuid=21410"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Baker's Cyst}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?bunion_surgery&menuid=21411"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Bunion Surgery}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?carpal_tunnel_syndrome&menuid=21412"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Carpal Tunnel Syndrome}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?cruciate_ligament_repair&menuid=21413"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Cruciate Ligament Repair}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?dupuytren__039__contracture&menuid=21414"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Dupuytren' contracture}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx9350\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?elbow_replacement&menuid=21415"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Elbow Replacement}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
OBESITY SURGERY \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trrh240\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx5980\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qj For those who need a weight loss surgeon we offer the latest in gastric band and bariatric surgery including gastric banding, gastric balloon and gastric bypass surgery in the Turkey\line\line There are many things that can lead to obesity and morbid obesity, including: \par
\pard\intbl{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 Metabolic disorders - changes in metabolism may affect your energy balance and your weight \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Genetic factors - if others in your family are obese, then you have a higher risk of obesity \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Bad eating habits - unbalanced diet and/or snacking between meals \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Psychological factors - social or emotional eating is one of the main causes of weight-gain \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Medical/health problems \cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
Obesity Surgery Procedures \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx4910\clvmgf\cellx4940\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?gastric_balloon&menuid=21423"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Gastric Balloon}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx4910\clvmrg\cellx4940\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?lap_band&menuid=21424"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Lap Band}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx245\clvertalc\cellx4910\clvmrg\cellx4940\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\qc\'bb\cell\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ctghealthcare.co.uk/?gastrik_bypass_surgery&menuid=21425"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Gastrik Bypass Surgery }}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\cell\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
COSMETIC DENTISTRY / Dental Facilities\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?dental_cabinets&menuid=21197"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Dental Cabinets}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\'b0\'b0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?teeth_whitening_bleaching_&menuid=21198"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Teeth Whitening(Bleaching)}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\'b0\'b0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?intraoral_camera&menuid=21199"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Intraoral Camera}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\'b0\'b0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?intraoral_x_ray&menuid=21200"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Intraoral X-ray}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\'b0\'b0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?panaromic_x_ray&menuid=21201"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Panaromic x-ray}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\'b0\'b0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "?sterilitsation&menuid=21202"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Sterilitsation}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 Cosmetic Surgery\par
 Liposuction\par
 Nose Surgery\par
 Breast Enlargement \par
 Breast Reduction \par
 Botox \par
Eyebrow Lift \par
 Face Lift \par
 Cosmetic Surgery for Men \par
 Cosmetic Dentistry \par
 Orthopedics \par
 Obesit\par
 \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: \par
Bed: \par
Languages:Turkish, English\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385\tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Doctors:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs24 CENK GORKEN M.D\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\qj SEVCAN \'d6DEM\u304?\u350? \b Public Realtions\b0\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 SAD\u304?YE KILICARSLAN \b Cleaning and Servis Department Chief \b0\line\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
Testimonials:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs24 Linda Charlesworth \line UK\b0\par
The cosmetic team were excellent.\par
\b Tiffany Lewis \line LONDON-UK\b0\par
I would like to thanks you for the excellent service and care I received.\par
\b Carly Fox \line SURREY-UK\b0\par
I would like to thank the driver and my lovely patient co-ordinator.\par
\b Michelle Wells \line CLEVELAND-UK\b0\par
Thank you very much for changing my life and for looking after me so well and our stay in Turkey.\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f1\fs22\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\qj\f0\fs24 Accommodation and travel services are provided by \b CTG HEALTHCARE's\b0  in-house travel company which is a group A travel agency and a member of \b ASSOCIATION OF TURKISH TRAVEL AGENCIES\b0 . Specialized on MEDICAL TOURISM, it has it's own staff who are highly experinced on the expectations of the patients coming from abroad, and it is the only travel company which has it's own Medical Tourism Experts. Besides handling the transfers between airport-hotel & clinic, below are some of the comprehensive ranges of travel services that we\b  \b0 provide : \par
\trowd\trgaph45\trpaddl45\trpaddr45\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx4916\clvertalc\cellx9359\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\bullet  Blue Voyages and yacht trips \line\cell\bullet  Rent a car \cell\row\trowd\trgaph45\trpaddl45\trpaddr45\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx4916\clvertalc\cellx9359\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\bullet  Daily Tours \cell\bullet  Cultural Tours \cell\row\trowd\trgaph45\trpaddl45\trpaddr45\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx4916\clvertalc\cellx9359\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\bullet  Hotel Reservations \cell\bullet  Flight ticket reservations\cell\row\trowd\trgaph45\trpaddl45\trpaddr45\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx4916\clvertalc\cellx9359\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\bullet  V.I.P. Services \cell\cell\row\pard\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\f1\fs22\par
}
 