{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset238 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs22 Florence Nightingale Hospital \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Location info:\par
\pard Address:\par
Istanbul, Turkey \par
\par
Contact Number: +90 212 224 49 84\par
Fax Number:+90 212 296 52 20\par
Email:international@florence.com.tr \par
Website: www.florence.com.tr\par
\par
About Us:\par
\par
Named after the world reknowned Englishwoman nurse Ms. Florence Nightingale, the pioneer of modern hospital concept, \ldblquote Group Florence Nightingale Hospitals\rdblquote  started its journey with Florence Nightingale Nursing School in 1960s and proceded with the establishment of the first private Cardiovascular Disease Hospital of Turkey in 1989, at \f1\'aai\'bali Istanbul, which has a capacity of 300 beds today. The group established Avrupa Florence Nightingale Hospital in 1994, at Fulya, Sisli, Istanbul;  Gayrettepe Florence Nightingale Hospital in 1996 at Gayrettepe, Besiktas, Istanbul, which is the first private Comprehensive Cancer Center in Turkey, and finally the Istanbul \endash  Kad\u305?k\'f6y Florence Nightingale Hospital in 2007, all of which has been managing successfully today.\par
\par
Today, the Group Florence Nightingale Hospitals has a total of 484 patient beds, 26 operation rooms, 83 intensive care and 32 emergency care beds. \par
\par
Florence Nightingale SiSli Hospital initiated the construction of a new building of 56.000 m2 (560.000 sq feet), which will increase the total bed capacity of Group Florence Nightingale Hospitals, to 1.000 by the end of 2009.\par
\par
Group Florence Nightingale Hospitals is also the Teaching Hospital for Istanbul Bilim University (Istanbul Science University), Medical School. \f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard\f1 ISO 9001 and USA JCI Accreditation Certificates.\f0\par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 We adopt and share the approach of total quality management.\par
We increase the quality of life by offering the best diagnosis and treatment services for our patients;\par
And value patient safety and satisfaction the most.\par
We raise the awareness of our patients and their families and ensure their full participation in the diagnosis and treatment process. \par
We adopt a team approach and keep the corporate spirit alive.\par
We develop a qualified workforce by increasing the knowledge and abilities of our employees and ensure that they become devoted health professionals. \par
We contribute to the development of medical science by continuously improving the services we render. \par
We act as a reference hospital that offers diagnosis and treatment services at international standard\par
 \par
QUALITY CERTIFICATES\par
 Health care services are an important industry around the world, where new standards, models and methods are being introduced based on a \ldblquote continuous improvement\rdblquote  approach. The main objective of Florence Nightingale Group Hospitals is to pursue contemporary management and service standards and to achieve more in order to provide service excellence. \par
In the light of its Total Quality Management (TQM) philosophy, a management and operation system has been formed in Florence Nightingale Hospitals, based on ISO 9000 and international accreditation standards. The main objective of the quality system we formed in the scope of TQM is to utilize the resources effectively and perform the job correctly the first time. \par
In our hospitals, the studies for Joint Commission International Accreditation (JCI) and ISO 9001 certification started around six years ago. Our \f1\'aai\'bali and Gayrettepe Hospitals, having received ISO 9001 Quality Assurance System Certificate in the first half of 2001, were awarded a JCI Accreditation certificate, which is the most established certificate in the USA and around the world, in 2003 and 2004 respectively. In the coming period, one of our main objectives, as Florence Nightingale, is to receive an international quality award in the field of health care and realize even more achievements. \par
Standards published by Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO) are among the most established standards in USA. The Joint Commission is a non-profit organization having devoted itself to studies focused on the development of quality in health care services for more than seventy five years and continues to work for developing international health care standards for the last five years under the framework of Joint Commission International (JCI). JCI, which is a subsidiary of JCAHO established for the standardization of direct health care services, operates in more than 40 countries, in many places around the world including Europe, Middle East and South America, and certifies health care institutions in terms of compliance with certain standards with the aim of continuous improvement in the structuring, application and result processes of health care institutions.  \par
The main objective is to improve the quality of health care continuously regardless of the methods selected. Offering the best health care services and more would only be possible by continuously improving the quality.\par
As Florence Nightingale Group, our common purpose is to always reach for the best together with all our employees. \f0\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
We are a pioneering institution, which is both innovative and continuously improving; implementing a contemporary, reliable, patient-focused and quality approach in all our specialized health-care services; putting patients\rquote  and employees\rquote  welfare first; respecting patient rights and environment, and training qualified health care personnel.  \par
We aim to become a premier institution in our specialization areas with the scientific value and quality of the services rendered, contribute to the development of medical science by monitoring the high-end applications in international arena and continue these studies in academic environment. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
CARDIOVASCULAR SUR. & CARDIOLOGY\par
SPINE SURGERY \par
GYN - IVF & Oncology \par
Robotic Heart and Prostate Surgery (daVinci) \par
Organ Transplantation Center \par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Anesthesiology  \par
Angiography \par
Asthma Diagnosis And Treatment \par
Cancer Center \par
Cardiology \par
Cardiology Rehabilitation \par
Cardiovascular Surgery \par
Cord Blood Bank \par
Dermatology Center \par
Ear, Nose and Throat \par
Echocardiography \par
Endocrinology \par
Gastroenterology \par
Gynecology and Obstetrics \par
Hemotology \par
Immunology, Hemato-Oncology, Genetic Diagnosis and Research Center\par
Liver and Bladder Diseases and Transplant Center\par
Nephrology \par
Neurosurgery \par
Newborn Intensive Care \par
Nuclear Cardiology \par
Nutrition & Diet \par
Odyology \par
Oncology \par
Ophtalmology \par
Oral, Dental, and Jaw Disease Center \par
Orthopedics and Traumatology \par
Pathology \par
Pediatric Allergy \par
Pediatric Cardiology \par
Pediatric Gastroenterology \par
Pediatric Nephrology \par
Pediatric Neurology \par
Physical Therapy \par
Plastic And Reconstructive Surgery \par
Psychiatry \tab\par
Psychology \par
Pulmonary Diseases \par
Radiation Therapy \par
Radiology \par
Rheumatology \par
Sleep Disorders \par
Thyroid Diseases \par
Torasic Surgery \par
Urology \par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 4050\par
Bed: 484\par
Languages:Turkish, English\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\f1 awarded a JCI Accreditation certificate, which is the most established certificate in the USA and around the world, in 2003 and 2004 respectively. In the coming period, one of our main objectives, as Florence Nightingale, is to receive an international quality award in the field of health care and realize even more achievements. \par
\f0\par
Doctors:\par
Dr. Deniz Tuna Er\f1\'baayla\par
Pf. Dr. Osman Bay\u305?nd\u305?r\par
Dr. Kanber \'d6cal Karabay\par
Pf. Dr. Turhan Ece\par
Pf. Dr. Vedat Aytekin\par
Pf. Dr. Belhhan Akp\u305?nar\par
Dr. Elif Ak\'fcn\par
Dr. Bekir Aybey\par
Op. Dr. Gaffar Aslan\par
Pf. Dr. Saide Aytekin\par
Pf. Dr. Hasan \u304?lkova\par
Pf. Dr. Hakan \'aaent\'fcrk\par
Op. Dr. Beg\'fcm Kuseyrio\u287?lu\par
Dr. Kanay Yararba\'ba\par
Dr. Ferah Alay \'dcnal\par
Op. Dr. Emre Karatekelio\u287?lu\par
Pf. Dr. Yaman Tokat\par
Dr. Serhat Azizlerli\par
Dr. Jale Ayta\'e7\par
Dr. Figen Hana\u287?as\u305?\par
Op. Dr. Mercan Sar\u305?er\par
Op. Dr. Halil Dilek\par
Dr. Kemal \'aaarman\par
Dr. G\'fcnay Cant\'fcrk\par
Op. Dr. Tu\u287?rul Kihtir\f0\par
\par
Testimonials:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
Group Florence Nightingale provides all its international patients with healthcare and hospitality service in their preferred language. Patients are received at the airport, provided with comprehensive service during their stay at the hospital, and transferred to the airport for their return trip.\par
Patient Satisfaction\par
Our highly trained personnel, our state of the art medical devices, our private rooms where comfort and functionality are prominent, our system which operates at worldwide quality standards, and our International Patients Department, which is established to flawlessly satisfy all needs and expectations of our patients, all serve to attain the highest level of patient satisfaction. Statistically, the patient satisfaction rate is 95% at our hospitals, which have an annual occupancy rate of 82%.             \par
\par
\pard\par
}
 