{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Nimbus Roman No9 L;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f0\fs22 National Cancer Centre Singapore \par
Location info:\par
\pard Address:\par
11 Hospital Drive\par
Singapore 169610\par
\par
Contact Number: +65 6436 8000\par
Fax Number:+65 6225 6283\par
Email:corporate@nccs.com.sg\par
Website: www.nccs.com.sg\par
\par
About Us:\par
The National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS) is a national and regional centre offering a one-stop holistic patient-centred clinical service directed at the prevention and treatment of cancers, including Thoracic, Hepatobiliary, Pancreatic and Head and Neck cancers.\par
The centre has the largest pool of internationally qualified oncologists in Singapore. Supported by a team of nursing and allied health professionals, NCCS staff work together to achieve the best outcomes for patients, comparable to those of international centres.\par
As a national and regional centre of excellence, we are committed to excellence in research, education and clinical services.\par
\par
At NCCS, we adopt a multidisciplinary and holistic approach to cancer treatment. We undertake training and education of medical, radiation and surgical oncologists and other allied health personnel to develop relevant clinical and basic research programmes in the understanding, prevention, diagnosis and treatment of cancer.\par
\par
Highlights\par
\'b7\tab An international study by NCC Singapore in 2006 established a comprehensive molecular roadmap of stomach cancer. This first collaborative effort by four major cancer centres in Asia has provided significant findings on the biological pathways involved in this disease. \par
\'b7\tab At NCC Singapore, a first-in-man mini allogeneic stemcell transplant for advanced nasopharyngeal cancer is near completion and shows encouraging results with acceptable toxicity in 20 heavily pre-treated patients. \par
\'b7\tab NCCS offers Intensity Modulated Radiotherapy (IMRT) which uses computer-generated images to accurately deliver precise radiation dose to enhance tumour eradication with decreased side effects. \par
\par
Services\par
General Enquiries\par
Medical Referrals & Appointments\par
Accommodation Arrangement\par
Airport Transfer\par
Ambulance Services\par
Interpreters/Translators\par
\par
clinical services focusing on these cancers:\par
Breast\par
Colorectal\par
Genetic Counselling & Risk Evaluation And Prevention\par
Geriatric Oncology\par
Gynaecology\par
Haematology\par
Head & Neck\par
Hepatobiliary\par
Lymphoma\par
Musculo-skeletal\par
Neuro-oncology\par
Naso-pharynx cancer (NPC)\par
Paediatrics\par
Reconstructive\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard Not Applicable\par
\par
\fs24\par
Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 We treat our customers with courtesy, respect and dignity, and ensure their privacy. \par
We treat individual customers as we ourselves would like to be treated. \~ Communication \par
We listen, understand, and provide information to meet the needs of our customers. \par
We value and act promptly on our customers' feedback. \~ Commitment \par
We anticipate our customers' needs and offer assistance to the best of our ability. \par
We take ownership of every opportunity to meet our customers' expectations or requirements. \~ Collaboration \par
We provide assistance and support to our colleagues, business partners, and all others concerned for the well-being of our customers. \~ Consistency \par
We ensure our customers experience quality care and excellent service at every encounter.\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
Our Vision\par
- To be a comprehensive cancer centre and to serve as a focal point for national cancer control activities;\par
- To provide state-of-the-art multi-disciplinary cancer care in a one-stop centre;\par
- To pursue research in cancers relevant to the health of Singaporeans;\par
- To provide expert training for medical, paramedical, nursing professionals and undergraduates; and\par
- To support lay cancer organisations and community outreach programmes for the prevention and palliation of cancer.\par
\par
Our Mission\par
As a national and regional centre of excellence, the NCCS offers a one-stop, holistic range of clinical services to patients, conducts clinical and basic research, and develops public cancer education programmes wholly directed at the prevention and treatment of cancer. Our inspirational concept of care is patient-focused, with multi-disciplinary teams of professionals working together to improve the quality of life for patients and their families.\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> \par
Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
Breast surgery\par
Colorectal surgery \par
Gynaecological surgery \par
Head and neck surgery\par
Hepatobiliary and pancreatic surgery\par
Thoracic surgery\par
Upper gastrointestinal surgery\par
Urological surgery\par
\par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Ambulatory Treatment Unit\par
Endoscopy Suite \par
Patient Care Services\par
Psychosocial Oncology\par
Specialist Oncology Clinics (Clinics C & D)\par
Mammography Suite\par
Medical Records Office\par
Pharmacy \par
Specialist Oncology Clinics (Clinics A & B)\par
Radiation Oncology\par
Oncologic Imaging Facilities \par
- Crystal Suite \par
- SGH (Blk 2, B1)\par
\par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: \lang255\f1\fs24 550\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
Bed: 1500\par
Languages:English\par
\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385  Award\tab\par
Healthcare Humanity Awards 2008\tab Dr Joanne Ngeow\tab    \par
Lee Foundation Awards 2008\tab Tan Meu King\tab    \par
SingHealth GCEO Excellence Awards 2008 \par
(Open Category Awards - Education)\tab Dr Simon Ong\tab    \par
Singapore HEALTH Award 2008 - GOLD Award\tab NCCS\tab  \tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\par
Doctors:\par
Dr Ho Gay Hui, Breast\par
Dr John Chia, Medical Oncology\par
Dr Chua Eu Tiong,Radiation Oncology\par
Dr Boey Wah Keong, Palliative Medicine\par
Dr Ching Boon Chye, Oncologic Imaging\par
Dr Donald Poon, Geriatric Oncology\par
Dr John Chia, Gynaecology\par
Dr Darren Lim Wan Teck, Head & Neck\par
Dr Choo Su Pin, Hepatobiliary\par
Dr Lim Soon Thye, Lymphoma\par
Dr Donald Poon, Musculo-skeletal\par
Dr Darren Lim Wan Teck, Naso-pharynx cancer (NPC)\par
Dr Miriam Tao, Neuro-oncology\par
Dr Vijay Sethi, Paediatrics\par
Dr Weber Lau, Uro - oncology\par
Dr Kon Oi Lian, Thyroid\par
\par
Testimonials:\par
Tung, Ho Chi Minh City\par
Vietnam\par
I\rquote m writing to thank you for the assistance given when my mother Ms Lan who has tongue cancer came to the NCCS for consultations and examinations from 24/01/2007 to 02/02/2007, with special thanks to Ms Wang Shufen. \par
To be away from home when being ill for a lengthy period would be difficult for my mother, so initially our family was very concerned about how efficient we could be during our visit to the NCCS. Thankfully, we got all the support needed from Ms Wang Shufen. She has gone all her way out to help us organize and arrange appointments in an efficient way, which was beyond our expectation. More importantly, she gave my mother valuable moral support during the time we were there.\par
My mother\rquote s cancer is a significant distress for herself and for my family. However, the excellent assistance and support from Shufen and the NCCS have given my mother great comfort and we really appreciate it.\par
\par
P. Singh, India\par
Dear Carina, \par
I am thankful for your kind help, which enabled us to come to Singapore and have proper guidance from Dr Pierce Chow and Dr Donald Poon for esophagus cancer treatment of my mother. In India, she was receiving chemotherapy but Dr Chow suggested chemo-radiation, which will definitely prolong her life. Cancer had deprived her of fundamental right to natural death but her remaining life will be painless and comfortable. \par
I sincerely thank Dr Poon, Dr Chow and Officer Carina Tan for their help and support. I believe their efforts will save hundreds of victims of their disease from painful and pre mature death.\par
\par
Thanking you again.\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
We are able to recommend and assist in your accommodation arrangement that suit your needs and budget. \par
Accommodation\par
We source and arrange for your stay at hotels or service apartments that suit your needs and budget.\par
Travel Info\par
We can assist you with arrangement and coordination with the authorities or providers of the following:\par
- Visa\par
- Ambulance Services\par
Our Foreign Patient Service staff provides assistance to our international patients and their family members during their visits to the National Cancer Centre Singapore. Upon discharge, referring physicians receive complete medical information to enable continuing care of patients in their home country.\par
\pard\par
}
 