{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f0\fs22 National Skin Centre\par
Location info:\par
\pard Address:1 Mandalay Road \par
Singapore 308205\par
\par
Contact Number: (65)-63508401\par
Fax Number:(65)-62533225\par
Email: nurseadvice@nsc.gov.sg\par
Website: www.nsc.gov.sg\par
\par
About Us:\par
The National Skin Centre (NSC) is an outpatient specialist dermatological centre with a team of dermatologists who have the experience and expertise to treat every skin condition. NSC started its operations on 1 November 1988 after taking over the treatment of skin diseases from Middle Road Hospital. We handle a patient load of about 1,000 patients daily. We are a government restructured institution and a subsidiary of the National Healthcare Group Pte Ltd (NHG), sharing the NHG vision of "Adding years of healthy life to the people of Singapore". \par
As a tertiary health care institution, the NSC provides specialized dermatological services, train medical students and post graduates, and undertakes research in dermatology. \par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard ISO 15189:2003 is recognized internationally by International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation (ILAC), European Cooperation for Accreditation and Asia-Pacific Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation (APLAC).\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 The Centre's objectives are to concentrate specialists in dermatology into one institution, facilitate subspecialization and be the national focus for the treatment, research, and training on all aspects of skin diseases. \par
Vision & Mission:\par
Our mission is to be the national and regional centre of excellence for the diagnosis and treatment of skin diseases.\par
We are committed to provide cost-effective and specialised care of skin conditions in a setting of clinically relevant research, quality education and patient safety. \par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
Biopsy \par
A procedure that involves obtaining a tissue specimen for microscopic analysis to establish a precise diagnosis\par
Biopsy shave \par
A procedure in which a skin abnormality and a thin layer of surrounding skin are removed with a small blade for examination under a microscope. Stitches are not needed with this procedure.\par
Curettage \par
The removal of tissue or growths from a body cavity by scraping with a curette\par
Incision and drainage \par
Incision is the cutting of or into body tissues.\par
Drainage is the removal of fluid or purulent material from a wound, sore or cavity.\par
Skin grafting and flap \par
A skin graft is a patch of skin that is surgically removed from one area of the body and transplanted to another area.\par
Surgical Excision \par
Surgical Excision refers to \ldblquote cutting\rdblquote  out of a skin lesion (growth). Some of the commonest lesions which are excised are moles, cysts and xanthelasma (cholesterol deposits).\par
Electrosurgery\par
Electrosurgery is the use of an electric device for removing small superficial skin growths, such as viral warts, seborrhoeic keratoses (age growths) and skin tags.\par
Mohs Micrographic Surgery for Skin Cancers Micrographic (Mohs\rquote ) surgery\~\par
Mohs surgery (MMS) is a surgical service for skin cancer patients. The procedure involves the excision of abnormal tissue in successive layers and microscopically scanning the entire under surface of each layer by the systematic use of horizontally-cut frozen sections.\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Medlite C6\'99 Laser Treatment\par
This laser is used to treat hypopigmented skin problems such as vitiligo, pale scars and stretchmarks.\par
MiXto SX CO2 Fractional Laser Treatment \par
MiXto SX Fractional CO2 laser can be used to smooth out lines, wrinkles and scars, remove brown spots and other irregularities, and to tighten the skin. This technique makes the healing process much faster and enables a patient to get back to normal activities sooner.\par
Filler Injection / Sculptra (Poly-L-lactic acid) \par
Fillers are purified substances injected into skin to improve the appearance of deep lines, provide fullness or correct depressed scars.\par
Botulinum Toxin \par
Botulinum toxin is a purified protein injection to cause temporary weakening of the muscle. It is used to reduce dynamic wrinkles such frown lines, crow's feet as well as excessive sweatiness of the underarms.\~\par
Carbon Dioxide Laser Treatment \par
This can be used to precisely remove unwanted skin growths such as syringomas and to resurface scars and wrinkles.\~\par
Cellular grafting for Vitiligo\par
Non-cultured cellular grafting is an innovative surgical technique that transplants an individual\rquote s own pigment cells onto his / her vitiligo patches, without the need of growing the cells in the laboratory.\par
Chemical Peels\par
Chemical peeling may improve skin texture as well as mild acne, superficial wrinkles and scars.\~\par
Intense Pulsed Light (IPL)\par
A broad band light source which can be used to treat certain pigmented and red skin lesions such as. freckles, age spots, melasma and facial redness.\~\par
Laser Hair Removal \par
Laser hair removal is a safe, relatively painless and effective way of removing unwanted hair. The long-pulsed Nd-YAG laser is safe for use in darker Asian skin colour types.\~\par
Mole Removal \par
There are different types of moles and method of removal varies. Moles can be removed either by surgery or by laser treatment.\~\par
Pigment Laser Treatment \par
Q-switched Pigment lasers can be used to treat freckles, age spots, Hori's naevus, tattoos, and certain birthmarks such as naevus of Ota and caf\'e9-au-lait macules.\~\~\par
Pulsed Dye Laser Treatment \par
The pulsed dye laser such as the V-Beam is used to treat vascular skin lesions such as portwine stains, superficial haemangiomas, fine facial and leg veins and to reduce redness in young scars.\par
Smoothbeam Diode Laser Treatment\par
Smoothbeam diode laser have been developed to directly stimulate collagen synthesis without damaging the outermost layer of skin.\par
V Beam Laser Treatment \par
The V Beam laser can be used to treat portwine stains, infantile haemangiomas, telangiectasias and hypertrophic scars.\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 54\par
Bed: 400\par
Languages:English\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385 Not Mentioned\tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Doctors:\par
Dr CHUA Sze Hon MBBS, MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS (Dermatological & Laser Surgery, Immunodermatology)\par
Dr NG See Ket  MBBS, M.Med (Int. Med) (Contact & Occupational Dermatitis) \par
Dr TAN Hiok Hee MBBS, MRCP (), FRCP (Edin), FAMS (Cutaneous Infections, Sexually Transmitted Infections & HIV) \par
Dr LEOW Yung Hian MBBS, M.Med (Int. Med), FAMS  (Contact & Occupational Dermatitis, Drug Eruptions)\par
Dr TAN Suat Hoon MBBS, M.Med (Int. Med), Dip. RC Path (DMT), FAMS (Cutaneous Lymphomas, Dermatopathology, Immunodermatology) \par
Dr WONG Siew Ngoh  MBBS, MRCP (), Dip. Derm (Lond) (Dermatopathology)\par
Dr CHIO Tze-Wei Martin MB ChB (), MSc (), MRCP (), FAMS (Hair Disorders, Skin Cancers, Sexually Transmitted Infections)\par
Dr GOH Boon  ChB (), MRCP (), FAMS (Vitiligo, Pigmentary Disorders)\par
Dr TANG Boon Yang Mark MBBS, MRCP (), M Med(Int Med), FAMS (Wound / Ulcer Management, Cutaneous Lymphoma)\par
Dr LIM Yen Loo MBBS, MRCP  ( Immunodermatology)\par
Dr TAN Kian  BCh (), MRCP ( Urticaria, Hair Disorders)\tab\par
Testimonials:\par
Not Mentioned\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard A dedicated telephone line for easier access to our appointment service. \par
Get an appointment within 3 working days with one of our Consultant Dermatologists. \par
Be received and served at a separate NSC Express Service counter and waiting area reserved exclusively for NSC Express Service patients. \par
Enjoy the convenience of minimum waiting time for consultation. We ensure that you will be attended to by one of our dermatologists within 15 minutes of registration. \par
Enjoy faster, personalized billing. \par
Expect to complete your consultation at the clinics within 30 minutes (excluding any investigations, treatment or procedures). \par
Express Fee\par
NSC Express Service is available at an express fee in addition to all consultation and treatment/ procedure fees. This fee, being a premium, is payable upfront and not chargeable to CSC. Please refer to the separate Fees Schedule insert for the amount payable. \par
Normal fees will be charged for laboratory investigations and prescriptions\par
}
 