{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs22 Changi General Hospital \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Location info:\par
\pard Address:Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd\par
2 Simei Street 3\par
Singapore 529889\par
\par
Contact Number: (65) 6788 8833\par
Fax Number:(65) 6788 0933\par
Email:ctru@cgh.com.sg\par
Website: www.cgh.com.sg\par
\par
About Us:\par
Changi General Hospital was built to serve the healthcare needs of the community living east of the Kallang Basin. It was an amalgamation of the Toa Payoh Hospital and the Changi Hospital. Although it was officially opened on 28 March 1998, it already has a rich heritage and culture derived from its predecessor, Toa Payoh Hospital.\par
The history of Changi General Hospital is therefore the story of Toa Payoh Hospital.\par
The hospital began humbly in 1959 as Thomson Road Hospital. It opened its doors with a single ward, situated on the top of a hill in a swampy and sparsely populated area. It was designated as a hospital for the chronic sick and for the people in surrounding communities.\par
Changi General Hospital introduced more clinical specialities including neurosurgery, Sports Medicine, Dermatology, Rheumatology and outpatient O&G services to meet the growing healthcare needs of the community.\par
The Changi Sports Medicine Centre (CSMC) was opened in 12 September 2003. Two years later on 11 November 2005, it was expanded with a new Medical Wing. The CSMC is Singapore\rquote s biggest integrated sports medicine centre within a hospital. It provides a multi-disciplinary sports medicine services under one roof to athletes and active individuals. Equipped with modern diagnostic technology, the centre is able to provide our patients with quality sports rehabilitation and performance enhancement programmes.\par
The hospital also addresses the needs of elderly and the less well off through the introduction of HOPE (Holistic and Professional Eldercare Initiative) in August 2001, HomeCare Assist in July 2002 and CHAMPS in September 2005. HOPE aims to build a professional "eldercare ecosystem" by enhancing community facilities for the elderly and training volunteer carers to serve as health care ambassadors. HomeCare Assist is a charity fund to help needy ill or bedridden patients when they are discharged from the hospital. The hospital's team of social workers, therapists, nurses and doctors evaluate the needs of these patients and provide them with a basket of help according to their circumstances. CHAMPS is a volunteer training programme targeted to help the elderly with their healthcare needs.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard JCIA and ISO accreditation\par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 In Changi General Hospital, the care of each and every patient is of utmost importance to us. As a result, we have set out to fulfil our Quality Vision of:\par
"To provide a level of patient care and services good enough for our own mothers without the need for special arrangements."\par
Affectionately known to all CGH staff as the "Motherhood Statement' and imbued into the hearts of every CGH staff, the quality statement aims to inspire staff to meet the hospital's vision of being "A hospital recognised by patients and staff for excellence and compassion in service and care".\par
\par
Vision & Mission:\par
Vision\par
A Hospital recognised by patients and staff for excellence and compassion in service and care.\par
Mission \par
We are dedicated to improving the health of the community in the east. \par
We will accomplish this through cooperation with other caregivers, to provide quality healthcare that is integrated, accessible, affordable and appropriate to the community's needs. \par
We value and recognise the contribution of every staff and foster a culture of innovation and lifelong learning. \par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery\par
Breast Surgery\par
Colorectal Surgery\par
Head and Neck Surgery\par
Hepatobiliary Surgery\par
Hernia Surgery\par
Upper Gastrointestinal (GI) Surgery\par
Bariatric Surgery\par
Vascular Surgery\par
General Orthopaedic and Trauma Clinics \par
Shoulder, Hand and Wrist, Knee, Ankle and Foot Clinics \par
Paediatric Orthopaedics \par
Adult Reconstructive Surgery \par
Primary Hip and Knee replacements, including: \par
MIS (Minimally Invasive Surgery), \par
computer assisted navigation, \par
oxinium, ceramic and metal-on-metal bearings \par
Complex and Revision Hip and Knee replacement \par
Hip resurfacing \par
Unicondylar knee replacement \par
Peri-articular knee osteotomies\par
Shoulder, Knee and Hip \par
Spinal Injury \par
Sports Orthopaedic Surgery\par
Glycosylated Haemoglobin (HbA1c) \par
Lipid Profile \par
Diabetic Retinal Photography \par
Autonomic Function Testing \par
Body Fats Analysis \par
Podiatry\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Accident & Emergency \par
Anaesthesia \par
Cardiology \par
Dental Clinic \par
Dermatology \par
Ear, Nose and Throat - ENT (Otolaryngology) \par
Eye (Ophthalmology) \par
Gastroenterology \par
General medicine \par
General surgery \par
Geriatric medicine \par
Laboratory Medicine \par
Multiphasic Health Screening \par
Neurology \par
Neurosurgery \par
Obstetrics & Gynaecology \par
Oral & maxillofacial surgery \par
Orthopaedic surgery \par
Psychological medicine \par
Radiology \par
Rehabilitation medicine \par
Sports medicine \par
Urology \par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 315\par
Bed: 790\par
Languages:English, Tamil\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385 Healthcare Humanity Awards 2009\par
Four nursing staff received the Healthcare Humanity Awards 2009. This award recognises inspirational role models who exemplify the values of courage, extraordinary dedication, selflessness, steadfastness in ethics, compassion and humanity.\par
HRM Singapore Awards 2008\par
CGH received the Best Mature Workforce Practices Award at the 5th annual HRM Singapore Awards 2008. This is our inaugural win in this category that recognises organisations with successful employment, retention, management and development of mature employees. \par
The Singapore HR Awards 2008\par
CGH received Special Mention in Talent Management, Retention & Succession Planning Award, Special Mention in Compensation & Rewards Management Award, and Special Mention in Fair Employment Practices Award.\tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Doctors:\par
Dr Mohan Tiruchittampalam, MBChB, BAO (Ire), FRCS Edin (A&E), FAMS, Accident & Emergency\par
Dr Chan Soo Toon, MBBS, MMed (Anaes), FAMS, Clinical Anaesthesia, Day Surgery\par
Dr Tan Chong Hiok, MB ChB, MRCP (UK), Cardiology\par
Dr Kwok Yew Kai Colin, MBBS, MRCP (UK), FMGEMS, FAMS, FRCP (Edin),Dermatology \par
Dr Hsu Pon Poh, MB ChB, FRCS (Edin), FRCS (Glasg), MD (UK), FAMS, FAAO-HNS (US), General Otolaryngology, Snoring & Sleep Apnoea, ENT / Head & Neck Surgery, Medicine/Surgery\par
Dr Lim Heok Seng, MBBS, MMed, FAMS, Endocrinology\par
Dr Wong Yick Mun Edmund, MMBS, MMed, FRCS(Opth), Vitreo-Retina\par
Prof Fock Kwong Ming, MBBS, MMed (Int Med), FRCP, FAMS,  Pancreatico-biliary disease, H. pylori associated disorders, GERD, IBD\par
Dr Chai Yui Huei Josiah, MBBS, MRCP (UK),  Neurology\par
Dr Poh Choo Hean, MBBS, MRCP (UK) General Medicine, Gastroenterology\par
Dr Yoon Kam Hon, MBBS, MMed (Int Med), MRCP (UK), Rheumatology\par
Dr T Ravintharan, MBBS, MMed (Surg), FRCS (Edin), FAMS, FICS, Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery\par
Dr Lim Soon Thye, MBBS (Spore), MRCP (UK), Medical Onology\par
Dr Ong Yee Siang, MBB Chir (cambridge), MRCSEd, MMed (Surgery) (S'pore), Plastic Surgery\par
Dr Sebastian Mathew George, MBBS, MMed (Gen Surg), FRCS (Edin), Vascular Surgery.\par
Dr Rashi Agrawal, MBBS, MRC Path (UK), FRC Path (UK), Pathology\par
Dr Chieng Kai Hieng Roland, MBBS, MRCOG (UK), Obstetrics & Gynaecology\par
Dr Choo Johanna, BDS, MDS, Cert. Ortho, FAMS, Orthodontics\par
Dr Chua Thai Chong David, MBBS, FRCS(Edin), FAMS(Ortho), General Orthopaedics, Trauma, Adult Reconstructive & Joint Replacement Surgery.\par
Dr Chan Oi Mei Angelina, MBBS, MMed (Psych), FAMS, Psychological Med, Trauma and Mood Disorder, Psychatric services.\par
Dr Shrikant D.Pande, MBBS, MRCP (UK), Rehabilitation Medicine\par
Dr Narendran Kanagasuntheram, MBBS, M Med (Int Med), FAMS, FRCP, FCCP,  Respiratory Medicine .\par
Dr Poh Beow Kiong, MBBS, MMed (Surg), MRCS (Edin), Urology\par
Testimonials:\par
A week earlier, Mr Tom Randall had simply developed a sore throat. Within days, he became so ill that he could not remember being flown to Singapore for medical treatment. \par
By the time he was admitted to CGH on 6 November 2006, the 53 year-old British civil servant was already suffering from multiple organ failure. \par
He was diagnosed with severe Legionnaire's Pneumonia, which is a lung infection, complicated by Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) and multi-organ dysfunction. It is caused by a bacteria known as Legionella pneumophila, which can cause mild to severe pneumonia. \par
The infection usually originates from a common contaminated water source such as a water cooler or an air-conditioner. As such, it can affect many people and even lead to possible outbreak in a confined building. \par
Fortunately, it is not a very common illness. Dr Vijo Poulose, Consultant Physician, who attended to Mr Randall, said he had seen only about two to three documented severe cases in the last six years.\par
But its mortality rate can be as high as 60 per cent for a patient with complications such as ARDS or multi-organ failure. This is about a two-fold jump in the mortality rate compared to a patient with only lung infection. \par
In Mr Randall's case, prompt medical attention was needed. His pre-existing medical conditions - diabetes and hyperlipidemia - also escalated the failure of his organs and impeded improvement.\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard Foreign patients can be assured of quality medical treatment as the JCI accreditation acknowledges that our patient safety and clinical quality standards are on par with international standards.\par
CGH offers general and broad-based medical services and surgical packages to our foreign patients. Our International Medical Services (IMS) team is committed to assisting you to ensure that you have a pleasant and comfortable visit. We will recommend and schedule medical appointments for you with the appropriate specialists according to your medical needs and condition, and make arrangements for your visit.\par
We will assist you with:\par
Reservation and confirmation of air tickets \par
Airport to hotel transfer \par
Visa and hotel arrangement \par
Others Medical Evacuation\par
If the need arises, arrangements can be made to evacuate patients from all over the world to Changi General Hospital.\par
}
 