{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f0\fs22 National University Hospital\par
Location info:\par
\pard Address:\par
National University Hospital\par
5 Lower Kent Ridge Road\par
Singapore 119074\par
\par
Contact Number: (65) 6779 5555\par
Fax Number:(65) 6779 5678\par
Email:NUH_Enquiries@nuhs.edu.sg\par
Website: www.nuh.com.sg\par
\par
About Us:\par
\par
The National University Hospital (NUH) is a specialist hospital that provides advanced, leading-edge medical care. Equipped with state-of-the-art facilities as well as dedicated and well-trained staff, NUH is a major referral centre that delivers tertiary care for a wide range of medical specialties including Cardiology, Gastroenterology & Hepatology, Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Oncology, Ophthalmology, Paediatrics and Orthopaedic Surgery. \par
Backed by substantive expertise and experience, NUH has been chosen by the Ministry of Health to develop two new national specialist centres to meet the growing need for heart and cancer treatments. \par
The coming together of NUH and the National University of Singapore's Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine and Faculty of Dentistry under the joint entity, National University Health System (NUHS), boosts its international standing as a university hospital. This further sharpens its three-prong focus of excellence in medical care, clinical research and education to meet the healthcare needs of today and tomorrow. \par
In 2004, NUH became the first Singapore hospital to receive Joint Commission International (JCI) Accreditation, an international stamp for excellent clinical practices in patient care and safety. It was also the first hospital in Singapore to receive a triple ISO certification concurrently for Quality, Environmental, and Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems in 2002. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard\par
Joint Commission International (JCI) accreditation in August 2004 \par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 To Our Patients - Quality Care and Service\par
To Our Staff - Safe and Fulfilling Work Environment\par
To Our Community - Responsible Citizenry\par
Vision & Mission:\par
Vision\par
Adding Years of Healthy Life\par
Mission\par
We hold the interest of the patient paramount.\par
We are committed to personalised, specialised, accessible and cost-effective care of the highest quality within an environment of intensive research and excellent medical education.\par
Core Values\par
Collegiality\par
Compassion\par
Excellence\par
Integrity\par
Learning & Teaching\par
Professionalism\par
Respect\par
Social Responsibility\par
\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Anaesthesia \par
Cardiology (Heart) \~- Cardiac, Thoracic & \par
Vascular Surgery (Heart) \par
Diagnostic Imaging \~\par
Emergency Medicine \par
Gastroenterology & Hepatology \~\~(Digestive Health) \par
Haematology-Oncology (Cancer) \par
Hand & Reconstructive\par
Microsurgery \par
Laboratory Medicine\par
Neonatology \par
Obstetrics & Gynaecology\~\~ (Women's Health) \par
Ophthalmology (Eye)\par
Orthopaedic Surgery \par
Otolaryngology (ENT) \par
Head & Neck Surgery\par
Paediatrics (Children's Health) \par
Paediatric Surgery\par
Pathology \par
Psychological Medicine \par
Radiation Oncology (Cancer)  Surgery\par
Urology\par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 3000\par
Bed: 881\par
Languages:English\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\tx2385 NUH is also the first and only hospital in Singapore to achieve triple ISO certification simultaneously - ISO 9001:2000 (Quality Management System); ISO 14001:1996 (Environmental Management System); and OHSAS 18001:1999 (Occupational Health & Safety Management System) in December 2002.\par
Asian Hospital Management Awards 2006 (Most Outstanding Award, Internal Service Category awarded to Nursing Department & Merit Award, Internal Service Category, awarded to Pharmacy Department)\par
Japanese Society of Gastroenterology (JSGE) Fellowship Award (awarded to Dr Dan Yock Young, Consultant, Dept of Gastroenterology & Hepatology)\par
Excellent Service Award (Individual) 2006 (53 staff received STAR Award, 56 staff received Gold Award and 157 staff received Silver Award) \tab\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
Doctors:\par
Dr Abdul Razakjr Bin Omar,Cardiac\par
Prof A Vathsala,Renal Centre \par
Dr Amanda Charlton, Pathology  \par
Dr Amila Punyadasa, Emergency Medicine \par
Dr Andrea Rajnakova, Gastroenterology & Hepatology  \par
Dr Andrew Dutton, Orthopaedic Surgery \par
Dr Ang Bee Leng Sophia, Anaesthesia   \par
Dr Ang Chee Wan, Preventive Dentistry  \par
Dr Ang Wei Leng Bertrand, Diagnostic Imaging  \par
Dr Anita S Kale, Obstetrics & Gynaecology  \par
Dr Atasha Asmat, Cardiac, Thoracic & Vascular Surgery  \par
A/Prof Aw Hui Yong Marion Margaret, Paediatrics  \par
Dr Asim Shabbir, Surgery  \par
  \par
Testimonials:\par
Davinia was diagnosed with atrial septal defect (also referred to as a \ldblquote hole in the heart\rdblquote ) and was referred to NUH Clinic A. Under the care and expertise of A/Prof Quek Swee Chye (Head and Senior Consultant, Paediatric Cardiology), the defect was corrected with surgery and Davinia was able to sit up in ICU after 2 days. \ldblquote Even till now, this cheery doctor still come by to visit Davinia to cheer her up whenever she got warded,\rdblquote  shared Meng Choo.\par
\ldblquote My family would like to express our sincere thanks and gratitude to all the NUH staff involved. During Davinia\rquote s post- surgery stay I had the first-hand opportunity to observe the dedication put in by Prof Yap, Dr Perry, Dr Wen Yi, Dr Tammie & so many more. Their dedication accorded to a C-class patient was a double A first-class treatment!\rdblquote  Said Yip Chong. \ldblquote I hope that other dialysis patients can get a donated kidney from their parents or siblings if there is a match. Should there be a match, it will be almost perfect and their chances of survival will be greatly enhanced. I have met parents who have given a kidney to their child and they are up and about in a few days. They tell me they feel just as normal and their children are healthy and doing very well.\par
Davinia now revels in her newfound lease of life. She can now eat and drink with almost no restriction\emdash a far cry from her dialysis days when her fluid intake was a torturous 300ml/day. Her quality of life is so much better now. She no longer needs to face needles and the fear of not being able to be dialysed. For follow-ups, she only needs to see Dr Perry Lau twice a month.\par
\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard Guided by our philosophy of seamless, accessible, effective and affordable care, our team of experienced staff at International Patient Liaison Centre (IPLC) knows intuitively to listen and attend to our patients needs, even at first contact. \par
\'b7\tab Accommodation \par
\'b7\tab Airport pick-up/transportation \par
\'b7\tab Assistance before, during and after hospitalisation \par
\'b7\tab Billing and financial enquiries \par
\'b7\tab Direct admission arrangement \par
\'b7\tab Evacuation/repatriation assistance \par
\'b7\tab Flight reservation and confirmation \par
\'b7\tab Information and general enquiries \par
\'b7\tab Language translation \par
\'b7\tab Liaison with evacuation agents, employers, insurance companies \par
\'b7\tab Medical referrals \par
\'b7\tab Scheduling of appointments \par
\'b7\tab Secretariat services \par
\'b7\tab Travel related assistance \par
\'b7\tab Visa extension \par
\'b7\tab Other services upon request \par
}
 