{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f190\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f191\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f193\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f194\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f195\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f196\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f197\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f198\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f550\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f551\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f553\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f554\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f557\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f558\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid15934351 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs16 \additive \b 
\sbasedon10 \styrsid15934351 Strong;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6582584\rsid12663949\rsid14837456\rsid15934351}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info
{\title ECON Medicare Centre }{\author sandeep}{\operator sandeep}{\creatim\yr2009\mo5\dy23\hr10\min29}{\revtim\yr2009\mo5\dy23\hr10\min29}{\version2}{\edmins6}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1101}{\nofchars6279}{\nofcharsws7366}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot15934351 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 ECON Medicare Centre 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Location info:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Address:
\par 20 Jalan Afifi, CISCO Centre II
\par #06-02/03/04 Singapore 409179
\par 
\par Contact Number: (65) 6447 8788
\par Fax Number:}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584  }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 (65) 6449 7707
\par Email:}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584  }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 econ@econhealthcare.com
\par Website: www.econhealthcare.com
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 Description}{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
ECON Medicare Centre is not merely a nursing home. It is a \'93Home Beyond Home\'94 Medicare Centre. As the leading service provider in rehabilitation, convalescent and nursing home, our modern Medicare 
Centre is a showcase of a one-stop purpose-built healthcare centre for the community. 
\par The Centre has excellent facilities and equipment to provide a safe, good, clean and \'93home-like\'94 environment for our residents. We also believe in \'93East meets West\'94 medicine to maximize the therapeutic effects for our residents. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
Established in 1987, ECON has grown in strength and expanded our range of healthcare services over the years to meet the growing needs of our customers at the community level. As a result of our commitment to provide excellent service to the customers, we
 
are now recognized as the leading healthcare provider in Singapore enjoying more than 30% of market share within the industry. Our proud achievements attest to our high standards of nursing care and quality service which we always deliver to our customers
. 
\par 
\par ECON, together with our strategic partners in Singapore and overseas countries, have more than 200 years of combined experience and expertise in the areas of planning, design, development and management of facilities and services for the medical and hea
lthcare industry.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
ECON operates a hospital and a chain of medicare centres and nursing homes. We are well-facilitated as the leading service provider in rehabilitation, convalescent and}{\fs20\insrsid6582584  }{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 step-down}{
\fs20\insrsid6582584  }{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 nursing care.\line \line Our West Point Hospital is a licensed sub-acute hospital provi
ding intermediary care to our patients. Set in the tranquil surroundings of the Jurong Lake area around Corporation Drive, the hospital is well-equipped to provide a 24-hour out patient clinic and inpatient services.}{
\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 Our Medicare Centre is a showcase of a one\endash 
stop purpose-built healthcare centre for the community. The modern looking Centre has excellent facilities and equipment to provide good, clean and comfortable environment for our residents. Residents and their fa
mily can also enjoy the peaceful, breezy and green surroundings with Koi pond, bonsai and beautiful garden.\line \line 
Our facilities and services are specially developed to cater to the different needs of our residents, such as long term and short term residential care, western doctor consultation, physiotherapy, stroke rehabilitation program
, day care, respite care and wound care. We also provide Traditional Chinese Medicine treatment at the Centre as we adopt an \'93EAST MEETS WEST\'94 approach in providing the care f
or our residents. This is the first of its kind in nursing home services in Singapore to promote this approach for effective rehabilitation especially for stroke patients.}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
Our premium ward is well furnished with TV, telephone, electrical beds with remote control and attached bathroom. Our rooms are fully air-conditioned with piped-in music, individual telephone, television, writing tables and attached bathroom for the bes
t comfort and convenience. Nursing assistance is available 24 hrs and every bed is installed with a nurse call device to alert nursing staff on duty. \line \line }{\cs16\b\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 Safety}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\line All our facilities are specially designed and built with safety in mind for our residents.}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par }{\cs16\b\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 Meals }{\b\i\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 \line }{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
We serve nutritious meals every day, including 3 freshly cooked main meals and 3 light meals in between. We have a well balanced and a good variety of food in our menu which is carefully planned by the dietician to ensure that the meals we provide
 are appropriate for the residents\rquote  dietary requirements.}{\fs20\insrsid15934351\charrsid6582584 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Qualifications:
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 ISO 9002}{\fs20\insrsid12663949 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid14837456 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14837456 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20\insrsid14837456\charrsid14837456 Awards and Recognitions:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14837456 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid14837456\charrsid14837456 Awarded 5 out of 11 Best Nursing Staff Awards given by the Rotary Club of  
Singapore East. 
\par 
\par First in the Nursing Home industry to be certified ISO 9002 Standard for our quality management system by Productivity and Standards Board.}{\insrsid14837456\charrsid6582584  \tab 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Quality:
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
We are committed to deliver cost-effective and customer-focused quality healthcare services to our customers at all times.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Vision & Mission:
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Vision}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
: To be a premium and leading brand in healthcare services in the Asia Pacific region, recognized by our customers for our holistic approach, personal touch and technological advancement 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Mission}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 : We are dedicated to provide high quality and customer-focused healthcare services. We will achieve this by focusing on:
\par Customer Needs - Being sensitive to our customers' needs 
\par Research & Development - Improving our services through constant research and skills development}{\fs20\insrsid6582584 .}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584  
\par Quality System - Continuing to be highly systematic and organized in our service delivery and quality control 
\par Networking - Building up our local and international network with our partners in healthcare}{\fs20\insrsid6582584 .}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584  
\par People Development - Caring and grooming our people to set and achieve higher goals}{\fs20\insrsid6582584 .}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584  
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 List Surgeries/Treatments:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6582584 Sports Injuries
\par }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Neck and Back Problems 
\par Peripheral Degenerative Diseases 
\par Neurological Diseases Such as Stroke and Parkinson\rquote s 
\par Pulmonary Diseases Such as Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease 
\par Muscle Weakness, Joint Stiffness and Balance Problems as a Result of the Ageing Process 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 List of Specialties /Departments:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Medical Specialists / Surgeons (e.g. Stroke, Heart, Rehab, Orthopedic)
\par Physicians 
\par Hospitals / Clinics 
\par Rehabilitation Services 
\par Laboratory Services 
\par Equipment Sales / Rental 
\par Ambulance / Evacuation Services 
\par Health Restoration (e.g. Relaxation therapy, Weight Loss, Anti-Ageing therapy) 
\par Neurological Rehabilitation
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid14837456 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid14837456\charrsid14837456 Other info}{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Number of Doctors: NA
\par Bed}{\fs20\insrsid14837456 s}{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 : NA
\par Languages: English
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid14837456 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Awards and Recognitions:
\par }\pard \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\tx2385\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Awarded 5 out of 11 Best Nursing Staff Awards given by the Rotary Club of 
\par Singapore East. 
\par First in the Nursing Home industry to be certified ISO 9002 Standard for our quality management system by Productivity and Standards Board. \tab 
\par }\pard \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 {\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Doctors:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Not applicable
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid14837456 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Testimonials:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Alice Goh  
\par \'93...As I'm happy today the first day of Lunar New Year. I must share with you my happiness of walking without an aider, but with the stick
. May I celebrate my happiness to the lovely, very pleasant persevering power of Miss Leslie C, the hardworking and patient physiotherapist whom you allocated to look after and train me. She's gentle, never forceful but understanding at all times. She'll 
given you moment to rest should you experience any pain during the training process. I would recommend her to any stroke patients who require a physiotherapist to assist them to get well. Please convey to her my appreciation and gratefulness
\par May you have many such therapist in Econ....\'94
\par Catherine Tan 
\par \'93...I would said that she\rquote s very hardworking, caring, patient and carries her duties well... now he (my uncle) is able to walk with assistance...\'94
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid14837456 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid14837456 Package Deal:
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6582584 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid12663949\charrsid6582584 Our team of resident medical doctor, physiothe
rapists, TCM physicians and registered nurses and nursing aides are dedicated to provide professional healthcare services to ensure the well-being of all residents. Specific rehabilitation programs are also planned for individual residents by our physioth
erapists to ensure that their recovery is optimized. 
\par 
\par One can also consider our Traditional Chinese Medicine services, if they wish to harness the benefits of both eastern and western medicine. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6582584\charrsid6582584 
\par }}