{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\f0\fs22 Raffles Medical Group (RMG) \par
Location info:\par
\pard Address:Raffles Hospital, 585 North Bridge Road, \par
Singapore 188770.\par
\par
Contact Number:(65) 6311 1666 \par
Fax Number:(65) 6311 2333\par
Email:rafflesipc@raffleshospital.com\par
Website:www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com \par
\par
About Us:\par
Raffles Medical Group (RMG) is a leading medical group and the largest private group practice in Singapore. As a fully integrated healthcare organisation, the Group owns and operates a network of family medicine clinics, a tertiary care private hospital, insurance services and a consumer healthcare division. Patients of the Group enjoy a continuum of care, from having their most basic healthcare needs met through the Group\rquote s islandwide network of Raffles Medical clinics, to specialist and tertiary care at Raffles Hospital.\par
Founded in 1976 with two clinics in central Singapore, RMG has grown consistently over the years to serve over one million patients today and 5,500 corporate clients including local and multi-national corporations and government agencies. \par
Raffles Medical Group operates a network of 65 multi-disciplinary clinics across Singapore and three clinics in Hong Kong. The Group also manages the airport clinics in Singapore\rquote s Changi International Airport and Hong Kong\rquote s Chek Lap Kok International Airport.\par
The Group\rquote s flagship hospital, Raffles Hospital, is a tertiary hospital. Located in the heart of Singapore, Raffles Hospital offers a full complement of specialist services combined with advanced medical technology. Its 16 specialist centres meet a wide variety of medical needs such as obstetrics and gynaecology, cardiology, oncology and orthopaedics.\par
As an extension of its healthcare services, the Group offers health financing under its subsidiary International Medical Insurers (IMI). \par
Raffles Medical Group subscribes to the Institutional Group Practice Model, a mode of practice adopted by internationally renowned US medical institutions such as the Mayo Clinic. Through this model, specialists work as a team to provide patients the quality assurance of medical services that are integrated, peer reviewed and medically audited.\par
\par
Services:\par
24-Hour Services \par
Raffles Medical at Raffles Hospital (Clinic) \par
Raffles Medical at Singapore Changi Airport Terminal 3 (Clinic) \par
24-Hour Emergency \par
House, Office, Hotel and Ship Calls \par
Ambulance Services \par
Clinical Laboratory \par
\par
\par
Why <Hospital Name OR Institute Name>?\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100 Qualifications:\par
\pard Not Applicable\par
\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
\pard\fs24 Quality:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs22 "To Our Patients Our Best" signifies our service commitment. \par
We aim to: \par
Assure the best outcome\par
Build Seamless service\par
Create Value\par
Delight with Personalised care\par
Vision & Mission:\par
Vision: our vision is to be the leading lifetime partner for all your health needs.\par
Mission:\par
Our mission is to enhance health and well being by providing the best total healthcare.\par
\pard\par
<Hospital Name OR Institute Name> Features:\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\par
List Surgeries/Treatments:\par
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery\par
Cardiothoracic Surgery\par
Dentistry and Dental surgery\par
Nose and Throat Surgery\par
General Surgery\par
Hand Surgery\par
Neurosurgery\par
Plastic Surgery\par
\par
List of Specialties /Departments:\par
Dermatology\par
Diagnostic Radiology\par
Endocrinology\par
Gastroenterology\par
Geriatric Medicine\par
Medical Oncology\par
Neurology\par
Obstetrics and Gynaecology\par
Ophthalmology\par
Paediatric Medicine\par
Pathology\par
Psychiatry\par
Renal Medicine\par
Respiratory Medicine\par
Rheumatology\par
Urology\par
\par
Others info?\par
Number of Doctors: 90\par
Bed: 380\par
Languages:English, Tamil\par
Awards and Recognitions:\par
Not mentiones\par
Doctors:\par
Dr Ng Chee Hon, BDS (S;pore), MDS (HK), FRACDS, FAMS Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery \par
Dr Ng Wai Lin Cardiology MBBS (Aust), FRACP, FAMS \par
Dr Wu Dar Ching Cardiothoracic Surgery MBBS (S'pore), FRACS, FACC, FAMS \par
Dr Eric Yap Prosthodontics BDS (S'pore), MDS, FAMS \par
Dr Chris Foo Dermatology MBBS (S\rquote pore), MRCP (UK), FAMS \par
Dr Yeong Kuan Yuen Diagnostic Radiology MBBS (S\rquote pore), FRCR (UK), FAMS \par
Dr Stephen Lee Teck Soong Ear, Nose and Throat Surgery MBBS (Mal), FRCS (Glas), FRCS (Edin), FAMS \par
Dr Stanley Liew Choon Foong Endocrinology MBBS (UK), MRCP (UK), FAMS\par
Dr Law Ngai Moh Gastroenterology MBBS (S\rquote pore), M Med (Int Med), MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS \par
Dr Yang Ching Yu General Surgery MBBS (S\rquote pore), FRCS (Glas), FAMS \par
Dr Teo Sek Khee Geriatric Medicine MBBS (S'pore), M Med (Int Med), MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS \par
Dr Looi Kok Poh Hand Surgery MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Edin), M Med (Surgery), FAMS \par
Dr Teo Sek Khee Geriatric Medicine MBBS (S'pore), M Med (Int Med), MRCP (UK), FRCP (Edin), FAMS \par
Dr Gilberto Lopes Medical Oncology Medico (Brazil), ABIM (Int Med and Med Oncology) \par
Dr Alvin Seah Boon Heng Neurology MBBS (S\rquote pore), M Med (Int Med), MRCP (UK), FAMS \par
Dr Ng Puay Yong Neurosurgery MBBS (S'pore), FRACS, FAMS\par
Dr Tan Yew Ghee Obstetrics and Gynaecology MBBS (S'pore), M Med (O&G), MRCOG (UK), FAMS \par
Dr Khoo Chong Yew, PBM, BBM Ophthalmology MB BCh (Ireland), FRCS (Edin), FRACS, DO (Dublin), FRC Ophth (UK), FAMS \par
Dr Veronica Toh Paediatric Medicine MBBS (S'pore), MRCP (UK), FAMS\par
Dr Jean Ho May Sian Pathology MBBS (S\rquote pore), FRC Path (UK), FAMS \par
Prof Walter Tan Tiang Lee Plastic Surgery MBBS (S'pore), M Med (Surgery), FRCS (Edin), FRCS (Glas), FACS, FACP (Hon), FRACS, FRACP (Hon), FAMS \par
Dr Lim Yun Chin Psychiatry MBBS (S'pore), DPM (UK), M Med (Psych), FAMS \par
Dr Ekachai Danpanich Renal Medicine MD (Thailand), ABIM (Int Med and Nephrology) \par
Dr Chan Choong Chee Respiratory Medicine MBBS (S\rquote pore), MRCP (UK), FAMS \par
Prof Feng Pao Hsii Rheumatology MBBS (S'pore), MD (S\rquote pore), FRCP (Edin), FRCP (Glas), FRACP, FACP, FRCP (Ireland), FAMS \par
Dr Fong Yan Kit Urology MBBS (S'pore), FRCS (Edin), FAMS\par
Testimonials:\par
Mr Ni Toe, a 60-year-old retiree suffered a heart attack in Myanmar and was informed that his heart was severely damaged and neither interventional nor surgical procedures were feasible for his condition. \par
Mr Ni Toe and his family were all ready to give up when a family friend advised them to get a second opinion. Raffles Hospital's Consultant Cardiologist Dr Ng Wai Lin was recommended and Mr Ni Toe was able to see him within the same day of the appointment. \par
His experience was made even more memorable by the care shown to him and his family by the staff of Raffles Hospital. These range from small gestures, such as the offer to change money and guide the family around Singapore, to ensuring that Mr Ni Toe gets sufficient medication and proper aftercare with their local doctors who are in consultation with Dr Ng. \par
Concludes Mr Ni Toe, "The care provided in Raffles Hospital is perfect. Our decision to come here has been a correct one." \par
2. Ms Irina recalls how the medical team at Raffles Hospital had helped her change her perspective of her problem. \par
Said Ms Irina: "Before I came to Raffles Hospital, I felt so helpless. But the doctors and nurses at Raffles convinced me that we are all in this together. \par
I am now willing to fight for my life knowing that the team at Raffles Hospital is fighting this battle alongside with me." \par
\par
Package Deal:\par
\pard The lifestyle and stress of modern living can have an adverse impact on our health by predisposing us to silent killers such as heart disease, diabetics, hypertension and cancers. Therefore, health screening is vital as it detects diseases, which do not produce early warning signs.\par
\par
Take time this 2009 for your health and wellness. We offer a platter of Wellness packages that will give you a head start to healthy years ahead.\par
\par
}
 